CHAPTER ONE

It was no good. She was going to be sick again. Kate looked wildly around the women's restroom trying to find something that would divert her attention from the churning inside. Long mirror above a row of basins, green couch, table with old magazines. There was no help here. The slow rise of panic inside her was familiar.

It's too soon, she thought, bending over the disinfectant-smelling bowl. Too soon. A new job ought to last at least a month—routines to learn, people to meet. Keep your mind off the emptiness until you could pay a month's rent, at least. It had never happened the first week, before.

Vm worse, she told herself dully, combing her hair. Tm never going to get better.

She took her shabby tweed coat from the hanger and pushed her arms into the sleeves. From the mirror her own face looked back at her, pale with fatigue, a carbon smudge on one cheek, eyes circled. She turned away from it and walked out through the empty office, the typewriters and billing machines covered for the night, the time clock ticking eerily in the silence.

A strong wind met her at the outside door. Cigarette butts and pieces of torn paper swirled in the gutters. I ought to go somewhere and eat a good meal, she thought vaguely, standing on the corner while the red light lasted forever. Maybe if I ate a



real meal I could sleep. She tried to think of something appetizing, but her throat felt thick and the unease still lurked inside her.

She rubbed the back of a wool glove across her eyes. No wonder, she thought; those damn credit letters. Every time you shoved another stack of carbons into the machine you felt sorry for the poor bastard that owed the money. There was enough trouble in the world. Why add to it?

And how about the filing job, and the dime store job, and the time you tried doing housework? The job had nothing to do with it.

A woman pushed past her, fat, shabby, loaded down with a big sack of groceries, the veins standing out in bunches on her legs. She gave Kate a curious look. The light changed and they crossed side by side, avoiding each other's eyes. The woman's eyes were deep gray, like Paul's.

Paul, my lost brother.

Don't think about Paul. Not in public, not in the middle of the street. Wait till you're alone and other people can't see you cry. She walked faster.

But of course she knew where her feet were going. She stood in front of the cut-rate liquor store at Spruce and Fifth, the windows glittering with electric lights and bottles. The door opened and shut behind weekend shoppers, payday shoppers. Her own pay lay in her coat pocket, the bills folded as the teller had handed them to her. She touched them with her gloved hand. The paper was warm and soft.

One drink, she thought, to relax my nerves. Get everything nice and fuzzy, and maybe I can sleep. Maybe I can live through the weekend and go back



to that creepy office on Monday, That would really be something.

She went in.

For a moment, counting the money into the clerk's hand, she wished somebody would grab the bottle away from her and smash it. Wouldn't do any good, though. Connie had tried when she was sodden and sullen after a weekend of drinking. She could still hear the crash and see the spray of splintering glass from the edge of the sink, and remember the silence as she and Connie stood facing each other. She remembered swinging, half-blind with anger, and the feel of Connie's cheekbone under her hand. She had run out of the room then and gone to a cheap hotel, where she stayed drunk almost a week. When she came back the apartment was empty.

I wonder what she did with my clothes? Kate thought. And the twenty-dollar bill under the shelf paper, squirrelled away for a dry spell? Not that it makes any difference now.

She took the neat green-paper package and went out into the cold.

The sky was darkening when she reached the rooming house, its tall brick bulk softened by dusk. She had to live somewhere, and this was cheap. A rundown mansion made over into short-term shelter for stupid low-grade people—hillbillies, morons, drunks, misfits, failures. Illicit couples stayed there by the week, and there was an oily little man who never seemed to work: dope, maybe, or numbers. Nobody here gave a damn what you did, unless you made too much noise.

And who are you to be fussy, Kate Wood?

The downstairs hall was empty. On the table were



a half a dozen pieces of mail, mostly bills and ads. Nothing for her. Who would write to her anyhow?

She plodded up two flights, holding her package carefully. The Osgood boy passed her on the landing, smiling unpleasantly. Still mad because she wouldn't let him in, and still hoping. He could drop dead.

As she stood in front of the door marked 3, fumbling in her pocket for the key, her new neighbor came running up the stairs. She was bundled into a shapeless loden coat, but her head was bare and mist glimmered in her short curls. She gave Kate a quick look. Tm sorry, but what do you do when the key is lost? I knocked downstairs, but nobody answered/'

"Landlady's out," Kate said shortly. "She sits with her grandchildren until the father gets home from work."

"Then do I have to stand in the hall until she gets home?"

The implication was clear. Kate wanted to ignore it. She wanted to get into her own room and lock the door behind her. She wanted to scream. She wanted to get the cap off that bottle and start the slow horrible descent into hell. But she said slowly, "It's drafty in the hall. You better come into my place."

"Thank you."

As the blonde walked into the room, Kate noticed the hair-thin scar across her right cheek, running from nose to chin. She had made no attempt to cover it. For some reason she couldn't understand, Kate's eyes filled with tears at the sight. She said nervously, "My room doesn't look like much."

"All cheap rooms look alike."

"I guess so." She put her package in the closet, out



of sight. "Sit down. Ill make some coffee—if I can get into the bathroom for the water."

"That would be nice."

Habit's a wonderful thing, Kate thought dryly as she took the percolator from behind the screen and walked across the hall with it. You go along like you were still alive, and hardly anybody knows the difference. She didn't know whether to be irritated or relieved by this postponement of what she didn't want to do, but had to.

Her guest had taken off her coat and spread it over the back of a chair to dry, by the time she got back. She stood in front of the old-fashioned dresser, combing her hair. She looked older than at first glance, in her late twenties; a slim boyish figure in a dark skirt and tailored blouse. At least, Kate thought, I don't have to listen to a yacking teenager.

"I'm making myself at home in your house, but I don't know your name yet"

"Kate Wood "

"I'm Erika Frohmann."

"That's pretty."

Erika shrugged. "It's a name."

Kate took the coffeepot into the kitchen alcove and turned on the electric plate. The coils glowed ashy pink and then orange. She came out and sat on the bed. "It takes a while."

"This is a sad house, isn't it?" Erika smoothed back the last curly strands from a rounded forehead. "It must have been a proud house once. My grandmother's house had these high ceilings with the plaster cupids in the corners, and the downstairs floors were parquet—like the hall here. On the landing was a naked woman with a torch, and the torch was a



gas lamp." She laughed, but her face was tender. "She thought it was beautiful. But this house is sad."

"Any place where people live without roots is sad."

"Mine were torn up a long time ago," Erika volunteered. "Everyone is tired of refugee stories. There are so many and they're all alike. May I help you with the coffee, or anything?"

"No thanks."

Erika Frohmann said dryly, "I should have stayed in the hall. You like to be alone, don't you?"

Kate hesitated between truth and politeness. "Sometimes."

Til go soon."

"It's all right"

Erika had slipped off her shabby loafers, and sat with her legs curled under her. Her slim body fitted into the awkward chair as though she had no bones. "You don't feel like talking, so we won't talk."

Kate's eyes filled. Damn! she thought. She turned her back on the other girl. "I think the coffee is done," she said.

"I take mine black." A smile crinkled Erika's face. "When I came to this country I put sugar in everything. Butter too. On my bread, an inch thick. It was funny." The smile vanished. "I was hungry so long, all the time I was growing up. Even my bones were hungry."

'Where was that?"

"In Austria. With my family until the Anschluss, then in a kind of a camp. Not Dachau or any of those, quite an ordinary camp. There were a lot of them. But the people who died in them were just as dead as the others. I was twelve." She caught Kate's sur-



prised look. "Yes, Im now twenty-nine. Quite old.*

"Five years older than me."

"That was the first part of my life. Now I live next door to you—since yesterday. Five days a week I teach music in a high school, to children who prefer rock and roll. On Sundays I go riding, when I can afford to rent a horse."

She took the cup from Kate and sat drinking her coffee, slowly, as if she were thirsty. Kate was silent Finished, Erika set the cup on the dresser and stood up. "Thank you, Kate Wood. You must come and see me. But not until you want to."

"It was nice having you."

"No, because you wanted to be alone. But sometimes," Erika said, slipping her feet into her shoes and picking up her coat, "it's better not to be so alone. Now I must see if the lady is home yet"

Her steps were light and quick on the stairs. Kate stood in the middle of the floor, listening, until she tapped on Mrs. Brownlee's door below.

An interesting girl. Think about her. Put off the thoughts that would unwind from the spool of memory, hour after bitter hour, before the black nothing was reached. A little frightening. As if she could look at you and guess everything you re trying to hide: the aloneness and the terror.

She unwrapped the bottle and stood it on the dresser, between a tarnished lipstick and her plastic comb, which still had a few blond hairs caught between its teeth. The glass winked in the overhead light She hated it

She wadded the paper and gummed tape into a tight ball and dropped them into the wastebasket, then smoothed the wrinkles out of the bedspread.



Can t stand to have things messy, she thought, looking nervously around the room. I may be a bum but Im not a slob, not yet

She poured a little of the whiskey into a plastic tumbler and tasted it. It was warm and acrid. Wish I had an ice cube, she thought She made herself swallow a little, fixing her mind on the warmth and relaxation that would follow.

The second sip was easier. Her throat loosened and the little muscle at the side of her neck quit jumping. She sat down on the edge of the bed and put the bottle on the floor, in easy reach.

Erika Frohmann s light steps passed the door. Kate got up, frowning, and turned her own key in the lock. Then she came back to bed and poured another drink.



CHAPTER TWO

The world is full of unhappy people. Kate's throat ached to think of them. People who He in bed at night, fretting about their bills and adding up the hopeless totals. Wives and husbands cheating on each other, meeting at the supper table with their hearts full of guilt. People screaming in hospital beds. People who cant love because their hearts are dried up like last year's seedpods—all the empty women in rented rooms with their hearts running over with love, and nobody to give it to.

There are the insane in their own fantasy world, shut away from what they can't endure. And the damned in prison, the hurters of others who can never wash the blood off their hands or wipe from their tormented minds the knowledge of what they have done.

Paul, my lost brother.

Don't think about Paul. Think about what you're going to do. Another employment agency? Another job? Another total failure?

Anxiety neurosis. Dr. Liebermann had explained it to her, leaning over his cluttered desk, dropping cigar ashes down his vest. You cannot accept responsibility. But my good girl, this is an illness like any other, with recognizable symptoms. It can be cured. We start the cure by finding out what you are hiding from yourself.

She owed Dr. Lieberman a hundred and forty



dollars. Also an apology, she admitted grudgingly. Going up to his office the last time, with her stomach in a hard knot the way it always was before an analytic hour, the thought had come: but you don't have to go on with this nonsense. And she had stepped out of the elevator at the floor below his and taken the next one down. As simple as that.

Oh, very simple. She could see herself going up to an office manager and explaining. I can't work any more because I'm nuts. Oh, great.

She would never go to sleep. And if she did, the nightmares would come back.

Do you sleep, Paul? Do you still have bad dreams the way you used to when we were little, and you'd get in my bed and cuddle up close because the black stallion was chasing you and you couldn't run? Your feet are fastened to the ground now, sure enough. The black stallion has caught up with you now. And who comes to comfort you when you scream out in your sleep?

Kate stood up, stiffly. She looked around the room. The empty coffee cups that she and Erika Frohmann had used stood on the dresser. She carried them across the hall to the bathroom. But the door was locked and there was the sound of water running and the smell of cheap bath salts. Some day 111 have a bathroom of my own, she thought. And smiled, not pleasantly. There wasn't going to be any some day.

She came back to her bed and poured another drink. It didn't taste so bad now—didn't have any taste, really.

Paul. Do you ever wonder where I am, why I



don t come and see you any more? Do you know the case worker told me not to come? Do you want me?

The pictures in her mind began to uncurl like an old movie film, deadly familiar through repetition. The print shop where she had worked for a year, weighing and cutting paper and correcting stupid copy for patent-medicine labels, to be within a bus ride of the state's prison. Tall windows thick with dust against which winter fog pressed; the men had been noisy but kind. The long jolting ride on the first Sunday of every month, with a magazine clutched in her cold hands and her eyes fixed on the passing landscape. The other women, defiant or ashamed, holding parcels—candy, cigarettes, magazines. Your eyes met with recognition, but you never spoke.

Then when they finally let you in and you could talk to Paul through the wire screen, there was nothing to say and he wasn't quite there. Anticlimax every time—but you never got used to it. God help me, she thought, starting to cry, it was a relief when they told me not to come. Still, I never missed a time. Did all I could.

And for nothing.

She refilled the plastic tumbler. Her hands shook, and some of the liquor spilled. She wiped it up, and then walked over to the rocking chair and sat down, holding her drink in both hands.

Some time later, remembering the unwashed cups, she started for the bathroom again. One slipped through her fingers and crashed on the linoleum. She stood for a minute looking at it, then kicked the pieces into a corner and went back to her chair.



Muscle coordination's getting funny, she thought wisely. Dont go out now. Somebody'll see me and think IVe been drinking. Feet likely to get tangled up on this slippery floor.

Ahead was the dizzy black chasm that had to be crossed before she could drop down into black nothingness. Fearing it, her stomach cramping, her knees trembling, her palms slippery with sweat, she was yet committed to it.

She was beginning to feel nauseated.

She poured a small drink and carried it to the bed, walking carefully now because the floor seemed far away. Better to be in bed when you start feeling funny, she advised herself. She frowned, bending to put the bottle and glass under the edge of the bed, alongside her pack of cigarettes and little folder of matches. Too cold to pass out on the floor. It would be okay if she got pneumonia and died—but no, she wouldn't be that lucky, she'd wake up with a sore throat and a big doctor bill.

She lay back against the pillow, with tears running down her face.

She woke lost and scared in the middle of the night, and sat up in bed to light a cigarette. It was hard, because her hands shook and as always she was terrified of setting something on fire. She kept dropping the little matches and feeling around in the sheets for them, not satisfied until she was sure they were cold. But the tobacco finally caught and she sat up in bed smoking, the tiny red glow reflected in the black window glass.

She was dimly conscious of cars rolling by on the street below, the traffic lights at the corner winking red and green and red again, the yellow square



of a lighted window in the house next door. But these things were dreamlike, superimposed on the film strip of memories that kept on unrolling.

Father, She had been dreaming about her father, and as always she felt shaky and sick with hate. I'd like to kill him, she thought coldly. Hit him till his face is all bashed in or cut his throat with a knife. He'd never hit us kids again. But he was dead, had been for years, she reminded herself firmly.

But Paul was lost.

She bent to pick up the bottle, fighting a wave of sickness. It was almost empty. She swallowed the last drops, gagging, and sat for a few minutes with the bottle dangling over the side of the bed. Then her hand relaxed and there was the thud of glass on the floor. Her mind sharpened with fear: the neighbors. But there was no knock on the wall. Kate lay down again and pulled the blanket up around her neck, feeling weak from alcohol and fatigue.

Now she could no longer tell the difference between sleep and wakefulness. The pattern of the wallpaper looked like row on row of leggy tan bugs. The late late program on somebody's TV followed her and she seemed to be climbing a ladder to a barn watching the slanted run rays, dust-drifting, through the small high window. Strains of rock and roll mixed with the stomping and whiffling of horses in the stalls.

Now it would happen. She sat tense in the foul-smelling indoor dusk, her heart banging. And woke again.

She struggled to a sitting position, lit another cigarette and threw the butt of the first at the ashtray, but it rolled under the bed. Hot ash dropped



to the pillow. She managed to beat it out. Shouldn't smoke in bed; but geezus, you cant sit here doing nothing all night long.

The window pane turned gray, then pink. She sat upright, looking at the sky and holding back her nightmare, until her eyes dropped shut. Without warning, she was asleep.

Later the sound of her own crying woke her, as it had done so often before. She lay with her eyes closed, hearing the sound heavy and slow and hopeless in the quiet room. Somebody's sick. Or hurt Then realization came. It's me, she thought fuzzily, and was alarmed. There seemed to be two of her again, but this time one lay in bed crying because her sleep was riddled with bad dreams and the other stood off to one side, hearing her cry but not able to do anything about it.

She tried to open her eyes, feeling them swollen and sore.

I wish I could die.

Maybe 111 die if I get sick enough. God, why can't I die?

Someone was banging on her door.

She pulled the blanket over her head.



CHAPTER THREE

The pounding stopped, and started again. She turned over, her face against the pillow. Her head ached, she felt sick, the banging echoed in her skull. She lay in the stale-smelling cave under the covers, but the noise followed her there, insistent and unendurable.

She said harshly, "For god sake shut up.*

"Kate?"

It was what she had always dreaded, in all the cheap rented rooms: discovery. The inside of her stomach turned cold with apprehension. But what landlady or bill collector would call her Kate?

Connie, she thought with tears of gratitude coming to her eyes. She does love me. She looked for me and found me.

But the voice was lower than Connie's. Unfamiliar, yet heard before.

She rolled over, pains springing to life in a dozen muscles. My back hurts, she thought confusedly. Try and go to sleep. It's daytime, the night's over, maybe the dreams are over.

The banging stopped. She relaxed.

"Kate? Let me in, please."

She sat up, frightened, beginning to shake. Her hands were out of control. Her feet, groping over the edge of the bed, couldn't find the floor. She swallowed hard. Shame weighed upon her, pinning her where she was.



"Kate?"

"Go away."

"Please. Please let me in."

A flame of resentment flared up in her. She crawled out of bed and moved slowly and carefully across the room. The floor was miles wide. Ill hit her, she thought, 111 smack her the way I did Connie. Oh god, I don't want to hurt anybody, please don't let me hurt anybody, just make her go away.

Halfway across the room, the chair rocker hit her on the ankle. She went down, feeling the cold hard linoleum before she heard the thud. She lay there, confussed and dizzy, not daring to get up.

Anyway, the knocking had stopped. I made her go away, she thought, very pleased with herself. She closed her eyes.

She was half-asleep when the tiny sound of a key grating in the lock, metal on metal, jerked at her mind. She looked up. The door was swinging inward, slow-motion. There was a moment of panicked silence, like that moment in her dream when the head appeared over the top of the ladder. She didn't know what was going to happen, only that it would be terrible.

But this was where she always woke. She sat rigid, trying to control her breathing, hearing her heart beat.

The light flashed on. She turned her head.

Erika Frohmann stood in the doorway, as calm as though she picked locks for a living. She looked down at Kate silently. Kate waited.

"Do you like it down there on the floor?" Kate's voice came thin and tight. "Go away." Erika said nothing.



"Oh, goddam you."

"That's better/' Erika said. She moved into the room, pulling the door shut after her. Footsteps paused at the bathroom door. Both girls were still.

Have to put a bolt on that door, Kate realized in weary resentment. Or move. Tears trickled down her cheeks. Have to move all the time, and god, I'm so tired.

Strong arms closed around her. She was being tugged into a sitting position. She made herself inert. Nobody tells me what to do, she thought. Going to stay here as long as I want. They can't tell me what to do.

Erika stopped pulling, but her hold didn't loosen. "You have to help. Please."

"Let me alone. For god's sake, go away and let me die."

Kate could feel her sizing up the situation, balancing and planning. She smiled a little. Then the blue-sleeved arm tightened around her waist, this time with a concentration of effort that had her on her feet before she could brace herself. She stood slumped over Erika's arm, swaying, held as though by steel wire.

"In bed, please. Before my back breaks."

She sat hunched on the rumpled and soiled bed, glowering over the trickery of it.

Erika let out a deep breath, pulling a sleeve across her sweaty forehead. "To die isn't so easy," she said. She looked around for cigarettes, found them on the floor under the bed, shook one out of the pack and lit it, scratching the match on her belt buckle. Her stance was exactly that of a man who has been working hard and pauses for an earned rest.



"How did you get in?"

"Master key. Missus Brownlee lent me hers last night. Til have to get one made if you do this very often. Do you do it very often?"

"No," Kate said. She shut her eyes to hide the lie. "Oh god, you don't know how I wish I could die."

"If you wanted to die, you would," Erika said. "No ashtrays in this place?"

"How do you know I haven't tried?"

"Oh, that way. People like you always make sure someone is around to stop them. If you really want to die, go ahead. It's not hard."

It was silly to lie here and argue with this girl. She was calm, she knew all the answers, talking to her was like pounding your head against a stone wall. Kate's head felt—now that she was awake enough to sort out her feelings—as though it had in fact been beaten against something hard and heavy. "This is my room," she said. "Go away."

Erika sat on the side of the bed, not touching her, but so close that Kate could feel the warmth of her body. "Do you always cry when you're drunk?"

"Of course."

"Not when you're sober too? No, the drinking makes it possible to cry. You have bad dreams too?"

"You sound like Doctor Liebermann."

"We read the same book." Erika got off the bed and walked out of the room without looking back. Kate lay still, relieved of her presence and at the same time feeling lonely and empty. But in a moment she was back, with a cold, wet towel.

"Ouch!"

"It's bad for the eyes, all this crying. And the skin. And the thinking. A waste of time."



"I know. I look awful." Her tongue was thick. She felt more confused than ever. "Why don t you go away?"

Tm truly sorry to bother you so much," Erika said patiently, like a mother trying to explain pain to a child too small to understand. "How often do you get like this?"

"Different times."

"Of course. And it lasts how long?"

"Oh geezus, how do I know? Three or four days."

"Then it's good I came."

Kate sat upright. It was time to end this foolishness. Get the girl out of here. "Why dont you mind your own business?"

"But it is my business."

This was so unreasonable she couldn't find an answer. She lay back against the pillow, feeling defeated. How I must look, she thought, picturing her face as it had looked out of the mirror so many times: eyes swollen, half-shut, cheeks pitted with tears, muscles sagging. Well, what did it matter? Nobody cared how she looked.

She was relieved that she could put off the next step. That meant going out again as soon as she knew she could walk without falling, to cross the street with owlish care and make her way to the liquor store for another bottle. Once, when she first came to this place, she had started downstairs in pajamas; had turned back, weeping with frustration, after she caught sight of herself in the landing mirror. Now she was smart. Now she went to bed with her clothes on, because of course it was important not to attract attention.

She looked with distaste at her blouse front,



stained with vomit and spilled liquor. "I don't want to get up."

"You dont have to. Lie still."

"Bottles empty."

"You don't want any more."

Oh god, Kate thought tiredly, of course I don't. But what else is there? She shut her eyes, half afraid Erika might go away, half wanting to strike out in hate at her. She said again, automatically, "Go away."

"Do you want me to? Really?"

"Yes."

"You're sure?"

Kate squeezed her eyes shut. "The nightmares," she said in an apologetic whisper.

"Then I stay until they go away."

"No."

"I promise you, nothing bad is going to happen to you."

She took Kate's hand in both of hers, the long gentle fingers making almost no pressure. "See, nothing will happen."

Oh, Paul. "Lie still. The lightning wont get you, I won't let it." Two years younger than he was, and yet she had been his mother too. Tears welled into her eyes. She turned her face to the pillow. "Kid stuff," she said thickly.

"Do you trust me?"

"Why should I?"

"No, do you trust me?"

"Yes."

Erika's fingers closed around her wrist. "Then go to sleep."

She shut her eyes again, sinking back into the blurry darkness of half-sleep that had waited for her



all night, suspended between dreams and wakefulness. Now she was lying face-down in the hay, smarting and burning where the strap had bitten into her skin, and the footsteps were coming across the barn floor. But Erika's hand clasped her wrist, and the steps faded away. She slept.



CHAPTER FOUR

Someone was rattling dishes. Mom, getting supper by lamplight- TTien she must be in bed with another cold, lying on the old couch in the kitchen because it was chilly upstairs, a flannel cloth over her chest and a patchwork quilt pulled up around her shoulders. The teakettle would be steaming on the cook-stove and a red flicker dancing on the ceiling when Paul lifted off the lid and put in another chunk of wood. Soon the men would come in from the barn carrying lanterns and slopping pails of milk.

She lay still, knowing she would feel worse when moved. And knowing at the same time that she had better get up, because if Pa was in a bad humor he'd crack a sick child as soon as a well one, or a little sooner.

She forced her eyes open. Realization of where she was came slowly and painfully. The ceiling light was off, but the pale early-winter sunshine streamed in. The sound of dishes rattling came from behind the bamboo screen that made a room-and-a-half apartment of the place. There were quick steps, and then the sound of a spoon scraping a pan.

Memory returned, and with it the slow burn of shame. She tried to sit up.

Erika came to the bed, dishtowel in hand. Once more Kate noticed how quietly she moved, how disciplined she was. She said idiotically, "I thought you were my mother."



"How do you feel?"

Kate tried to smile. "I don't know."

They looked at each other, quiet strength against scared resistance. Kate's eyes felL

"What time is it?"

Three. Three on Saturday afternoon."

"I have to get up."

Tm fixing you some hot milk. Later you can have coffee if you want it."

Kate shivered. "Ugh, coffee." She put her hand over her mouth and crawled out of bed, dismayed at the way the walls tipped. But the floor was solid under her feet and she made it to the communal bathroom. Going to have one of my own some day, she reminded herself.

She came back, her teeth chattering, feeling both afraid and resentful. It was the first time she'd let anyone into her room when she was sick—if you could call Erika's entry letting. Locked away from other people, she could still take pride in meeting despair alone. To see herself reflected in Erika's eyes which she now noticed were not blue as she had supposed, but a clear tender gray—was humiliating. "Why don't you go away?" she asked thickly, leaning against the door frame. "I know you're trying to be nice, but please go away. I need to be by myself."

Erika, pouring milk from a saucepan into a cup, looked at her but said nothing.

Kate sat down on the bed, her knees pulled up, her head bowed. Erika sat down beside her, holding the full cup carefully. "By tomorrow youll be all right," she said cheerfully.

Erika gathered her in with one free hand. Her body in the boy-like shirt was surprisingly soft for



one so fine-boned and angular. They fitted together comfortably. After a moment Erika said, "We can talk later. Right now you need to sleep."

Relaxed by the warmth of another body against her own, she lay back against the wrinkled pillow. Erika held the cup to her mouth. It tasted bland and reminded her of childhood and innocence. She swallowed the milk and fell asleep almost at once, lost in the nothingness she had been trying all night to reach.

Some time later a cup was again held to her mouth, and she drank and lay down again, thinking fuzzily that this time she would really get up and get dressed. Another time a hand rested on her forehead, warm and as light as a butterfly. Later—it must have been evening, the light was on in the kitchenette and a small lamp on the corner table was lit— she woke to see Erika curled into the uncomfortable rocker, her loafers on the floor beside her. She was reading, holding the book away from her eyes as thought farsighted. Her face was intent and sober, and yet Kate knew she was alert for the smallest sign of life from the bed.

Kate lay looking at her from half-closed eyes, feeling safe and cared for. Watch it, she warned herself. You don t want to get mixed up in anything. But she was asleep before she could follow the thought any farther.

When she woke it was full daylight. Sunlight poured in at the window, and the bells of St. James's, a block over, were ringing for the eleven o'clock Mass.



CHAPTER FIVE

"Wake up, sleepy. It's time to get up."

She had known Erika would be there. It seemed to Kate, drifting groggily up from ,a bottomless ocean of sleep, that she had been there forever. The one good thing in this scary world was now Erika's face, with the kind eyes and the thin curving scar. "What time is it?"

"Almost eleven. Hear the church bells?"

"Then it's Sunday," Kate said slowly. She felt proud to have figured it out. "What happened?"

"YouVe been asleep."

Kate sat up carefully, expecting her head to hurt. It did. "That's impossible. I never sleep more than three or four hours, not even when I'm sober."

Erika giggled. "You slept all yesterday and all night too. You even got up and went to the bathroom with your eyes shut. I had to lead you because you couldn't find the door. Remember? you ate some soup too."

Kate blinked. "I don't know."

Time had been a nameless confusion, some of it lost as completely as if she were under ether, some a trance-like state halfway between sleeping and wakefulness. Sights and sounds had drifted in through the black doors of sleep, but she couldn't remember them. Nor could she remember the touch of Erika's hand or the sound of her voice. She wished,



with a pang of longing, that she had waked to find Erika's warmth and strength against her.

"You kept dropping the spoon," Erika said.

"IVe been a lot of bother."

"Sick people always are." Erika's look held hers without evasion, but she didn't offer to come any closer. Evidently the bother didn't matter.

Kate said, "I ought to get up."

"Go ahead. Wash your face also, I will have coffee for you," Erica said, "in a minute."

She had made herself at home in the kitchen alcove. When Kate came back from the bathroom, shaky and churning inside but washed and combed, she was waiting with a full cup and toasted bread.

The cup rattled in the saucer as Kate took it "I feel sort of funny," she said apologetically.

"I know how you feel," Erika agreed. Leaning against the door frame, she looked calm and relaxed. "When I came out of the camp, before I was sent to the Red Cross, I thought the buildings were going to fall on me. A very funny feeling. You want to walk down the middle of the street so they won't hit you when they topple—and you can't tell anyone because you think maybe you are going crazy." She was still for a moment. "At night, the shadows are full of things that move. Are you afraid to sleep in the dark?"

"Of course."

"It happened to me also."

Kate stared at her. "How do you get over a thing like that?"

Erika shrugged. "I don't know. Always there are some who live and some who die, and no one knows



why. I guess for some people a voice says live, and they do."

Kate wanted to ask, "And is there a voice that says, 'die/ too? Not only in prison camps, but to ordinary people who have never been arrested or starved or beaten, and still find life more than they can bear?" She didn't know how to put the question. Maybe Dr. Liebermann would have known the answer, she thought. But then why didn't he tell me?

"Of course," Erika said, as though she had spoken, "there is always the fight going on in everyone. Live or die, for everyone."

And I ve lost. The coffee was suddenly bitter on Kate's tongue. She put down the cup, her hand shaking.

"So have another piece of toast, and then well go for a walk. The sun is shining."

Her immediate future seemed to have been decided for her by this stranger. It didn't matter. All her life she had been hiding from people who wanted to tell her what to do. She had even run away from her father, leaving home as soon as she was sixteen and going to do housework in town. It might have been better to fight, but they beat that out of her when she was a kid.

She should have felt like running from Erika, but she didn't. She felt that whatever Erika wanted her to do would be all right She asked shyly, "Were you up all night?"

"It's all right. I could sleep standing up. I can even sleep in that chair. Who can have made such a chair ?"

She went into her own room, smiling, while Kate found clean clothes, ran a comb through her hair



and then, although there was no reason why she should, reddened her lips and powdered her tear-shiny face. Erika came back wrapped in her loden coat, with a little knitted cap such as children wear j pulled over her fair hair. "Come on. How far can | you walk without getting tired?"

"Oh, I'm fine."

But her knees buckled as they reached the bottom of the stairs, and she was breathing hard. Erika's | arm was around her. "Hey, wait, maybe you should J stay in bed."

"No, it's all right." And when they were outdoors, < in the cold air, she felt better. "Come on, I'm fine."

She liked the way Erika took her arm, hugging it against her side so that her warmth penetrated their ] two sleeves. Don't be silly, she scolded herself. She's ,j only being kind. But she hoped Erika wouldn't move ; away from her. t

They walked around the block, looking at the houses and filling stations and small run-down stores, closed now for Sunday. This was a shabby area, once * a good neighborhood now becoming a slum. A few ^ homes still tried to keep up a front: flower beds, swept walks, hedges on which a few dry leaves whispered in the early-winter wind.

The air was cold, but she didn't mind. She looked I into Erika's face, but Erika seemed lost in thought.

Kate didn't want to think about the last two days. 4 She could reconstruct them from experience: the nau- $ sea, the weeping, the horrible dreams, the blanked-out hours. She had never told anyone about these times except, unwillingly, Dr. Liebermann.

But with Erika there had been no strangeness. She hoped it would stay that way—but then, sM



had had the same hopes with Connie, at first She didn't want with this girl what she had known with Connie, a physical satisfaction that didn't last and left her feeling sad and ashamed. But what else was there?

They had reached a little corner lot where the small children played all summer. There was a patch of grass with a sandbox, teeter-totter and two swings as well as a bench for the mothers. The Tasti-Freez hut behind the sandbox was deserted now, the windows boarded over. The sandbox was drifted over with dead leaves.

"Want to sit down?"

Her knees were beginning to melt again. She sat down on the green bench, wrapping her coat around her legs to avoid contact with the icy wood. Erika sat down beside her, silently. But she continued to hold Kate's arm.

Kate said abruptly, "What was the camp like?"

"It's a dull story. Nothing is more dull than being cold and hungry and afraid all the time. You stop having feelings and get bored, that's all."

"Were you alone when you went there?"

"Away from my family, sure. They took my father a long time before. Then we lived with my aunt-well, she was my uncle's wife actually, but she was a Gentile and when things started to get bad my uncle divorced her for her own sake and made her take her name back. But she never wanted it so, never. My father was one of the first they took. Then my uncle. Then my aunt Lisa took me and my mother and my little brother Kurt"

"That was brave."

"I think she didn't care to live after they took him





away." Erika's forehead creased with remembered pain. "I think she was also in some kind of an underground movement."

She stopped talking and lit a cigarette. Her hand was steady, her face cold and controlled. Kate, deprived of her touch, felt chilled* She asked, "What happened?"

"We waited. We stayed in the house and waited. Food was hard to get even fo had to have ar Party members, you food card and then there were shortages. It was 1944, we were an occupied country— I don't know if you can understand how it was. Someone said there were potatoes at the food depot. A neighbor. I took all the family ration cards and went. We had kept my father's and my uncle's cards because that was what people did when someone died, they had to or starve. In fact there were place* where you could buy false cards or have the name* changed. It was a black market"

Kate shivered. "Weren't you afraid?"

"We were hungry." Erika took a long drag at hei cigarette. "My aunt and my mother felt the cold. Anc my brother coughed a lot. I suppose he had TB b> that time, many children in Austria had it. So I went.'

"And then?"

"There were potatoes all right. Not very good ones they were soft and had sprouts, but I took them When I came back—" she stopped and looked at Kate. "The soldiers had been there. They had callec all the people outside so the furniture wouldn't be spoiled. It was a nice building, what you might cal upper middle class, not rich but for professionai people. Mainly a Jewish neighborhood."







"You mean they made the people go outside and then—?"

"I suppose they looted too. I didn't stay to see.* Erika stared past the ice cream stand.

"My mother and my brother and aunt and all the neighbors were lying on the sidewalk in front of our home. They had all been shot. It was a cold day and they were frozen on the sidewalk in their own blood, it was frozen and they were stuck there."

"My God!"

Erika laughed harshly. "It's an old story and it happened to a lot of people. Nobody wants to hear about it. It's all over and you Americans are liking the Germans again because they will be on your side when you fight the Russians. But they killed all those people. My mother and father and my brother and six million others."

Kate stood up. She was chilled through, whether by the rising wind or by the story she didn't quite know. Erika rose too. You're cold. I should have made you stay in bed."

Kate stood still. "Then what happened?"

Erika took her elbow as though she were the one in need of comfort. "Then the soldiers came and took ne to a camp. I was there a long time. I don't want :o talk about it now."

They walked back to the rooming house in silence, jllie Osgood boy passed them on the stairs, turning pack at the landing to look at them. They ignored |iim. At the top of the stairs Kate began to search jirough her pockets for her key. Erika found it, unlocked the door and went in with her. "My family ^as very lucky," she said suddenly. "They were not >eaten to death with a rubber hose or tortured with



burning splinters under their fingernails or operated on without ether. They were not even sent to the gas chamber. It's good to die quickly."

Kate said in a smothered voice, "I can't stand it."

Erika smiled. "I have to go out this afternoon," she said. "I have to go to a concert with my students, and they will wiggle and giggle and 111 not be able to hear the music. Promise me you will eat something and go to bed."

"All right"

She waited, wanting to ask, "When will I see you again?" but not daring to.

"Leave the door unlocked," Erika said. "No one will bother you. Ill come to see you when I get back."



CHAPTER SIX

As though Erika's coming had changed everything, the bathroom was empty and the landlady was sending up some heat for a change, Kate sat in the tub soaking for a long time, forgetting to notice the mixed odors of scouring powder and shaving lotion.

Soaping, she examined her own body critically. Still slim, the breasts full but firm, the front nice and flat. She ran a wet hand over her hips and found them satisfactory. Neither alcohol nor hunger had done any great damage—yet. She was aware of a hunger and need she hadn't felt for quite a while, not since the thing between Connie and herself was new and full of promise.

She got sleepily into pajamas, drank some canned soup and crawled back into bed, meaning to think for a while. She fell asleep almost at once.

She woke two or three times during the late afternoon and looked sleepily around the dim room. The last time, the pecking of sleet against the window made her anxious for Erika. Where was she? How would she get home?

It was the first time she had worried about anyone, since her early days with Connie.

She dozed off again, and dreamed. This time the dream wasn't about the farm, or the dirt road down which she'd stumbled her lost way so many nights. This time a little girl of twelve walked along a street piled with rubble, against the charred debris of



burning buildings. She was skinny and long-legged, and her long braids hung down carelessly from a knitted cap. A plane droned in the clear blue sky. Kate, watching, felt herself stiffen with fright as the child neared the corner. Don't turn it, don't turn it! But her feet were fastened to the ground, and when she opened her mouth no sound came out.

She wakened and sat up, sweating. For a second she could still see the child, basket on her arm, walking wide-eyed into the death trap. Then her eyes and, after a panicked moment, her mind took in the familiar ugly wallpaper and the lighted lamp. Her heart thumped wildly under the pajama jacket. Calm down, she told herself, it was only a dream. But her hands were shaking. She reached under the edge of the bed for a cigarette, and found that her palms were wet with sweat.

She looked at the clock. Almost seven. She had been asleep, off and on, for almost five hours. The restlessness was coming alive in her. She moved uneasily. I could go out, she thought.

Go out and get a bottle and start the whole miserable business all over again? Well, why not?

Because of Erika.

And why should Erika make any difference? Youi don't even know if she likes girls—that way. She's i being kind to a neighbor in trouble.

The window glass rattled under the violence of the sleet. She shivered. Better to be here in this warm room, waiting for Erika to get back. Even if it was: only kindness.

Heavy footsteps sounded in the hall. The Osgood boy again, coming back from whatever girl he was seeing now—no matter how much of a clod he was,



a man could always find someone. She lay rigid while he listened at her door. Then he went into the bathroom. A big fellow, hardly out of his teens, but already conceited and grossly male. He had asked her for a date when she first moved in, six or seven months ago—had asked her to come and see his room and then, when she refused, had come home half-drunk one night and tried to break her door down. He had said some unpleasant things when she threatened to call the police—but he had stopped bothering her. She knew, though, that he spied on her.

It would be nice to have somebody, Kate thought wistfully, but not like that. Somebody who would like me because I'm me and not just a machine for making love. Love—that's a fine word for what they all want to do to you.

She could remember the last time she had been with a man. The office manager in the place where she worked last summer had made love to her in the back seat of his car, after buying her a steak dinner and two or three drinks. She remembered that night clearly because it had repercussions. She had been too far gone to take precautions, and she didn't think he had taken any and she stayed home from work, drinking a lot so she wouldn't have to think, for two nightmare weeks. Then, when she knew she was all right, she couldn't go back to work because it would have been too embarrassing. She had called in her resignation from a pay booth.

She tried to remember the man's name, and couldn't. A real mess, she thought shivering. No money to pay a doctor or anything.

Paul. Nobody ever gave a damn about me, except Paul. Don't think about that.



Think about Erika. She said she'd come. She promised. How long do concerts last?

More steps, light ones this time. She sat waiting, holding her breath. The doorknob turned. There was a crack of light. "Who is it?" Kate said, her mouth dry.

"Kate?"

Sweet relief flooded her body.

Erika came in, pulling off her knitted cap. Rain sparkled in her hair and eyelashes. "My God, what a terrible night." Her eyes took stock of Kate, dry and sleepy in clean pajamas. "You didn't go out."

"No."

"All afternoon I was wanting you to be all right."

"I'm all right now."

Erika pulled off her loden coat, which was dark with dampness on the shoulders. She hung it in Kate's closet. Her stockings were wet and splattered, her shoes dark with rain. She took them off. She stepped out of her skirt, unbuttoned her long-sleeved blouse and shucked it off. In panties and a narrow bra she was taller and.thinner than Kate had thought, and almost flat-chested. Her collar stood out in sharp relief and the small delicate bones of her vertebrae showed plainly when she bent over.

She said to Kate, smiling, "Are you tired? Can I stay for a while?"

Kate's throat was sore with wanting. She said in a thick whisper, "Don't go away at all."

Erika looked at her. "Do you mean that?"

"You know I do."

The two little wisps of cotton joined the other clothes on the floor. She was blonde all over—flaxen, like the princess of a fairy tale. Kate looked at her



hungrily. Then for the first time she saw the row of purple numbers inside Erika's left arm, shocking against the clear white skin.

"I used to think I would have them taken off,* Erika said. She sounded embarrassed. "Many people did. It's painful and, I think, expensive."

"But you kept them."

"I kept them to remind me," Erika said. "Maybe I learned something from it"

"What?"

"I don't know yet." She stood naked, her head bent, under the hash overhead light. "Maybe that life is short?"

"It'll be shorter if you stand here in the cold."

Erika laughed. "Do you want the light on?"

"No."

The darkness came as a shock. Red circles moved before her eyes. She waited. Then the covers were turned back and the cold air rushed over her. Erika's hand, gentle and seeking, cupped her breast "Lovely," Erika said softly. "Are you sure?"

Kate shivered. "Don't go away," she said.



CHAPTER SEVEN

She lay in bed in the morning, after Erika left for school, looking like a different girl in her neat blouse and skirt—remote somehow, even though she dropped her keys on the shiny rayon bedspread before she went Kate felt that by the simple process of putting on clothes and powdering her nose Erika had put a wall between them. "Don t try to make up your mind about anything now/* Erika said, bending to give her a small kiss on the cheek There wasn't much emotion in it "Stay in bed. Rest. We can talk tonight/'

Kate gathered up all her resistance. Never mind what had happened in the enchanted dark—anybody can make a mistake. "Don't ask me for any promises," she warned. "Never trust an alcoholic for anything. We can't be trusted."

"I don't ask you for anything," Erika said calmly. "If you like to be sick, go ahead. Drink."

Kate shuddered. "I hate it I don't know why I doit"

"I know." Erika fastened her high collar with a small silver pin. She looked aloof and pale. "So all right, I won't ask you for promises. Do what you want"

It was maddening. Kate's eyes stung with tears. She lay looking at the door that closed behind Erika, listening to her walk down the stairs and out of the house. The hell with her. I ought to go out and get



stinking, it would serve her right. Then she sighed, knowing how useless it would be.

With Erika gone the room felt chilly. The bed was lumpy. Kate got up, pulled on her old cotton robe and made her way to the bathroom, taking Erika's key with her. Emerging, she hesitated in the hall, then unlocked Erika's door and went in. The building was quiet; everyone was at work. I'm out of coffee, she told herself firmly. Ill just borrow a little and go home again.

The room was almost a replica of her own, the same size and shape, the same ugly tan wallpaper and too-small kitchen. The metal bed sagged and the window was curtained in muddy, faded cretonne. There was the busty old-fashioned dresser with swinging mirror, the veneer marred by cigarette burns and white rings from wet glasses. A cheap room like half a dozen she had lived in, all nearly but not quite clean, shelter for anyone ... home for nobody. It told her nothing.

Instead of the bony rocker, however, there was a round chair of black steel mesh, Erika's probably, she couldn't imagine Mrs. Brownlee rising to such heights of interior decorating. There were maybe two hundred books on an arrangement of unpainted boards and common bricks with bits of mortar still clinging to them. And on the wall behind the bed was a big unframed poster of a girl in ballet practice clothes, a thin sallow girl whose dark eyes stared bleakly out of her thin face. It made Kate feel uneasy, as though she were intruding.

She moved around the room quietly, trying to find some clue to Erika Frohmann. The closet held a short row of slacks, skirts and blouses on wire hangers; at



the end an evening dress of black satin, with a full skirt, suggested that it had been borrowed from a more feminine type wardrobe. Three pairs of shoes, all rather worn, stood in a row on the floor. There was a thin coat and a cheap duster, nothing else. It was the closet of a girl who had no money and cared little for clothes.

The dresser held a few plain bras and cotton panties and some stockings and a little packet of letters postmarked Milwaukee, addressed to Erika in a flowery foreign script. These Kate picked up, then dropped them as though they had burned her fingers. Snooper, she thought.

She moved to the improvised bookcase, curious as always about other people's books.

They were an odd mixture. Paper-covered murder mysteries, the poems of Rilke in English and German on facing pages, half a dozen textbooks on harmony and composition, some of these with library serial numbers stamped on their brown-bound spines. A government handbook on how to become a citizen and a fat little German-English dictionary. There were two or three popular novels and an album of music. Grouped on the lower shelf were five or six paperback novels in similar covers. Kate opened some of them. We Walk Alone, Whisper Their Love, Edge of Twilight. She chose a couple and curled up with them in the black mesh chair, which looked unfitted to the human frame but proved to be surprisingly comfortable.

The outside world came back to her with the voices of children on the street below. She looked at the alarm clock on Erika's dresser. It was five minutes past twelve.



She didn't want to go back to her own room, scene of so many defeats. If I can stay here I'll be all right, she thought confusedly. She found bread on Erika's food shelf and spread it with jelly from a forgotten jar, tough and sugary but still good. And went back to the chair, holding her sandwich carefully away from the book.

She had read books like these before. Had watched the girls on the street, the obvious ones with short haircuts and heavy loafers, sometimes dressed in blue jeans and heavy jackets. People laughed at them or, worse, felt sorry. At the same time she read all she could find about girls like these, conscious of a quickening of awareness when she found some reference to the matter in a magazine. It was a world along whose borders she had walked for a long time, without ever really finding a gate that opened in.

She had shared the apartment with Connie for four months, striking up the kind of almost-friend-ship girls form when they work in the same office. They agreed to double up for a while until they could find something better or make closer friendships. Away from the office, Connie was affectionate, always hanging around her neck, dressing and undressing in a sort of flirtatious self-consciousness. After the first week or so, she began to look forward to the evenings when they would be together, when she could feel Connie's arms around her in the goodnight hug. What more she wanted she wasn't sure. She remembered the typist in her office, a young wife expecting her first baby, who had asked in honest wonder, "But what do they do? 9

She put down Erika's book, remembering.

Then came the night when she got into Connie's



bed and started to explore the lush curves of that ripe body. Connie had been icy with shock and anger. Kate had been the latest in a series of schoolgirl crushes, nothing more. Connie would hug and kiss her; borrow small sums of money that she forgot to pay back; make excuses to get out of washing the dishes, and that was it. Even that much intimacy ended in a hurry when Kate, empty and scared, went on a three day binge that ended in losing her job.

She knew there were women committed—cheerfully enough, it seemed—to the way of life she had never dared explore. Their offbeat affairs were accepted by their own kind and even by other people who regarded themselves as sophisticated. She supposed there must be others, in small towns, on college campuses, everywhere. She had wondered if she might even be one of them—but then you would know, surely?

Since the astonishing things that had happened to her in Erika's arms, last night, she wasn't sure.

She remembered the men she had been to bed with. And what a silly way that was of putting it. Beach blankets, roadside grass and the back seats of cars, with now and then a motel mattress beaten down by the bodies of many casual lovers. Maybe a real bed that was your own, with a girl who was your own in it?

She was sure of one thing—the thing with men was overrated. The one-night stands, the office affairs that lasted a few weeks and dwindled away as both parties lost interest or the men, mostly married, began feeling more guilt than pleasure. Eaten up by aloneness, she had been afraid to say no to any promise of closeness. But even while they were holding



her she felt unsatisfied and restless—and later, in her own room, she had been glad it was over.

She could no longer remember the names or even the faces of the men who had undressed her in rented rooms. Some were blurred by alcohol, some by repulsion. None of them mattered.

How would it be with a girl? There was no guide to it in the women's magazines, the movies or billboards or girls' talk at school. Nothing but these books full of hints and half-revealed details. Could there be any fulfillment for her in loving a girl?

And if it were possible, where did Erika come into the picture? Here were her books. There were the tailored shirts, the short hair, the flat boyish body. Yet Erika didn't look unfeminine. Would she be making a terrible mistake, maybe lose this friendship that had started so strangely, if she thought about Erika that way?

She put the books away and lay down on Erika's bed in a haze of thoughts that were confused but not unpleasant.

The radiator hissed comfortably. Beyond the window the day was foggy and chilly-looking. Branches rubbed back and forth in the wind. She tried to sort out what had happened in bed last night, but it was too confusing. Erika's hand on her breast, Erika's mouth on her, and then a confusion of feelings.

When the sky beyond the window began to dim she got up stiffly and made coffee, handling the unfamiliar dishes slowly. She was finishing her first cup when she heard the step on the stairs. Her heart skipped a beat and then righted itself. Her hands shook. She set down the cup and stood waiting, trembling a little.



"Well," Erika said from the doorway. She smiled a little.

"I've been here all day," Kate said. "I looked in your dresser and ate all your bread and jelly and took a nap on your bed."

"And read my books," Erika said.

"I kept my promise too."

"The one you didn't make? I knew you would."

"I don't know why I kept it."

"I do," Erika said, still smiling. "I'm not going to tell you, though. You'll have to find out for yourself."

Kate stood looking at her.

Erika picked up the little stack of paperbound books. "There seems to be a certain lack of variety in your reading."

Kate cleared her throat. "I found out something about myself, though."

"Did you, darling?"

She was afraid to look at Erika. Maybe she was making a terrible mistake. If Erika was angry—if she went away! I'll kill myself.

Erika moved to stand behind her. She laid her cheek, cold with outdoor chill, against Kate's head. She put her arms around Kate's neck and closed her hands around her breasts. "Do you want me to tell you?" she said softly. "Come to bed and I'll show you what you found out about yourself."



CHAPTER EIGHT

"Good morning, darling."

Kate opened her eyes slowly. A new happiness flooded through her. Sunshine was coming in at the window and the radiator purred like a kitten. She looked around the room so like her own, yet not the same. It was a moment before she remembered where she was or who lay beside her. She turned to Erika, who was watching her intently. She shook her head, wanting to cry, not able to speak,

"Are you happy?"

"Too happy."

"Dont just be polite. If you weren't satisfied, if I didn't do what you like "

She had never seen Erika unsure of herself. With some surprise, she realized that a week ago she had never seen Erika at all, had in fact been unaware of her existence. If that silly boy next door hadn't gotten one of his silly girls in trouble and moved out she might have gone through the rest of her miserable life without ever hearing Erika's name. "I'm no good at telling," she said, "you'll just have to believe me."

"We fiever did go out for dinner. Let's dress and have a big wonderful breakfast"

"Not yet."

Erika looked at her questioningly. Then she gathered her in as she had that first night—but with a definite difference, Kate thought, laying her hand



against the thin body that had become so known and dear during the night. All the gentleness in Erika become strength and urgency. She said questioningly, "Erika?"

"What, darling?"

"Nothing."

"Are you hungry?"

"Not for food."

"Me too."

"Oh God," Kate said, feeling the hand where she wanted it most, feeling the slow wonderful beginning of desire, "we cant start all over again."

"Why not?"

Kate moaned softly. Erika's hand moved. "This? Do you like this?"

She was lost, separated from everything she had ever known or been before, lost in a need that refused to be denied. There was only one answer—and Erika could give it to her. "It's good," she whispered hoarsely. "So good. Don't stop."

After a while Erika lay back on the bed, breathing hard. "Darling."

"You're so good to me," Kate said wonderingly.

"I like it when you do it, too. It should be for both."

"It's like an electric shock," Kate said wonderingly, "only so good—I don't know how to tell you."

"I know."

They lay side by side, relaxing, their hands on each other's still pulsating flesh, unable to be apart.

After what seemed like only a short time, Erika moved. "I have to get up. Somebody has to earn a living."

Kate's face grew hot. She turned over so that their



bodies no longer touched. "That's not fair. Ill go out today and look for a job."

Erika said gently, "Let's not fight. One thing Tve learned is about money, what it does, what it wont do. It buys food, that's all*

Til find a job just the same.*

"It doesn't matter. Only hold me for a minute. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings."

Eventually they got out of bed. Erika dressed quickly and neatly as though the ticking of the clock regulated her movements. Kate stood lost in thought with a slip in her hand, watching that slender white body swallowed up by clothing. The morning light caught Erika in a series of ballet-like poses that seemed unbelievably beautiful. They locked the door behind them and went out into the morning sunshine together, Erika holding Kate's arm against her side in a way that already seemed dear and accustomed.

In the small restaurant where they stopped for breakfast, a breakfast Erika almost surely could not afford, Kate found herself unable to eat. She watched Erika's face across the table. At last she found the courage to say it. "I never want to be away from you."

"Never is a long time. There is no such time."

"I used to think that, too."

"But now you think different?" Erika put her fork down neatly on the plate. For such a slim girl, she had an amazing appetite. "You said something to me last night. I don't use those words so easily. I haven't used them many times in my life, they're too good for everyday. But I think they are true for me too." She gave Kate her slow smile.

They had more coffee. Kate still couldn't speak;



she had trouble swallowing. Finally Erika stood up. "I have a third-period class, no study hall today. Please do something for me, darling. Please sit here and have another coffee after I leave. I like to think about you."

"All right/'

But when the waitress brought the coffee she couldn't drink it. How can you eat and drink when you are so full and running over with love? She took the cup politely and sat with it in her hand, watching Erika pay the cashier and open the door and walk out without a backward glance. Under the cotton of her blouse she could feel the quickened beating of her heart. It had been beating in time with Erika's all night long.



CHAPTER NINE

She was tired of going from agency to agency, look-for non-existent jobs, filling out index cards with doctored facts. They would only be filed with hundreds of other cards and meant nothing anyway. She was tired of having the bored women behind desks pull out her employment record, read it, and look at her coldly. "You left the A-l Coal and Lumber Company after two weeks without giving them any notice? Why was that?"

The women behind the desks were all alike. Old or young, skinny or well-padded, they were on the inside. Smug, at being employed—with the out-of-work at their mercy. She wanted to strike them—and she wanted to run and hide from them.

But she had set out to look for a job, and she was going to get one or know the reason why. For Erika, she reminded herself. Not that Erika had suggested it by so much as the flicker of an eyelash. The rent was paid. There was food in the cupboard. This morning she even found a dollar bill and a new pack of cigarettes in the pocket of her tweed coat. Erika must have put them there. This silent thoughtfulness was the clincher. She had to find a job, not because Erika insisted on it but because she didn't.

She stood afraid but determined in front of the State Employment Agency, where the jobs might not be so good but there was no fee to pay. Here, they had to sign you up no matter how unpromising



you might seem. They all came here, shaky bums from the local rescue mission, Negroes who had found a college education no shield against white stupidity, migrant Mexicans and Puerto Ricans looking proud and antagonistic, fat middle-aged ladies with tired feet, looking for day work, scared kids who had quit school at sixteen and were finding out that the world didn't care what happened to them. The handicapped, the displaced, the leftovers.

I don't belong with these people, she thought resentfully. Ill go to a private agency and get something interesting or at least something with decent pay. Secretary, receptionist, dictaphone typist. Her reflection in the plate glass window was reassuring. The coat was getting shabby but it had been all right in its day, and her hair was neat. She looked intelligent and capable. Her hands hardly shook at all.

Still, she had been to the private agencies, only four or five in this middle-sized city. The women with the index files were polite, but they looked at her that way when they found that she'd already registered and been placed and then had left the perfectly good jobs they had found for her. A job hopper. And not well enough dressed, really, for a good office.

She tightened her fists in her coat pockets, and went in.

The big bare room was bright with overhead globes and echoing with voices. There were no magazines here, no upholstered chairs, no effort to make the clients feel at home. The chairs were the tan folding kind found in cheap funeral parlors and the floor was bare except for cigarette butts. There was a railed enclosure up front to separate the job-hunters from the job-givers. The Civil Service work-



ers sat behind their typewriters looking bored. A good racket, Kate mused, they never get fired and there's a good pension. How do you get on Civil Service?

She sat down, gathering her coat around her so it wouldn't drag on the floor. A fiercely moustached little Mexican fruit picker in patched overalls gave her a startled look and inched away.

Should have brought a book, she thought. Twenty people or more before her, and they wouldn't hurry —they were on salary, not commission. She thought of going out and getting a paperback. But then she would lose her turn. Besides, nobody else was reading. She tipped her head back and read all the notices on the walls, the warning about filling in your claims TRUTHFULLY, the one about vacancies in the post office department (all calling for lots of education).

The case worker at the front desk was a little pigeon of a woman with rigid waves, ruffles, too much jewelry and bright pink rouge. Maybe sixty. Please, Kate prayed silently, not that one. Let me talk to a man. Men are kinder.

"Next, please."

The girls in the front row got to their feet, looking at each other before they stepped up to the white line. One was about seventeen, a schoolgirl type in sweater, wool skirt, pearl beads. She looked scared. The other was flat-hipped in dark slacks and a man's shirt. Her hair was shingled and her clear olive profile wore a tense defiant expression. She might have been Greek or Armenian, maybe second-generation Turkish, or one of those mostly-white youngsters even sociologists regard as Negroes.

They handed in the blue cards that meant that



they had been placed on a trial basis and let go. The pigeon woman looked sharply at the notations, then at the girls. Her lips pursed. She asked a question in a low voice. The thin dark girl shrugged and held out her hand, palm up—how should I know? Her friend was silent, but pink crept up into her face and down over her neck.

"I can't find anything for you right away." The placement officer sounded tired. Then she looked at the girl in slacks, considering. "I can place your friend as an order picker, part time."

"We want to work together."

"Take it or leave it. Somebody else will be glad of the job if you're not interested."

"No, we want to stay together."

The dark girl's voice was sullen. Kate knew she was frightened, more frightened than her baby-faced friend would ever be, because she had been making this scene for a long time and besides she was the strong one. She turned away from the railing. "Come on, kid, we'll try someplace else."

The pigeon watched them go. Then she turned to a sad-faced man at the next desk, who had sat gloomily watching the whole thing. "Honestly, I can't understand it. I'm as broad-minded as the next one, but that's going too far. Don't they care what people think?"

"Takes all kinds."

"Well, I think it's disgusting."

Kate put her hand in her coat pocket where Erika's dollar and the unopened pack of cigarettes lay side by side. She pushed back her folding chair. It scraped loudly on the floor. A scattering of people turned to look, bored and curious.



Let me out of here.

It was better out in the fresh air. She stood still until her breath came evenly again. She looked around for the two girls, but they were gone.

I'm like them, she thought. I never knew it before, but I am. There are lots of us. People hate us or make fun of us—or else they're sorry for us, that's the worst of all. Why? Why is it anybody's business?

She was sure now that she would never find a job. Two strikes against me already, she thought miserably. The employment records, all the places I've left without giving notice—and now this. They can tell.

Even if I got something, it wouldn't last. I thought maybe it would. Maybe things would be different this time. But it would be the same old story over again. What's the use?

Ahead of her reached an endless line of days, plodding from place to place looking for work, meeting that look everywhere she went. That bored, amused look people turn on those who are different.

Erika, help me.

Erika was in a classroom she had never seen, teaching music appreciation to a lot of tone-deaf kids who wanted to get home and watch television. Forcing order on a roomful of adolescents in return for a miserly check at the end of the month.

She stood in the middle of the sidewalk, letting herself think about Erika. Her easy walk, her gentle hands, her warm mouth, her sudden passion. But out here in the busy light of day, with other people around, she couldn't make it seem real. She began walking briskly.

The clock on the bank said ten forty-three. More



than five hours until the school day was over. She couldn't live that long.

Maybe if I had a drink, she thought. Just one little drink. When you're home with a bottle you can't stop, you keep pouring more because it's there and handy. But if you go into a bar and order one drink, nothing can happen.

It sounded good, but one fact stood in the way: she was afraid to go into a bar and order a drink. Someone she knew might see her. She might get out of control somehow. The terrible crying might start or the black unreality cover her before she could get safely on the other side of a locked door. No amount of reasoning could change the way she felt She was simply not capable of going into a tavern like anybody else, of sitting down and ordering a drink.

There was a chain drugstore on the corner, one wall plumply lined with bottles. She walked slowly in that direction, mentally adding Erika's dollar bill to the change in her pocket



CHAPTER TEN

"Never mind, darling. It had to happen some time.*

She was no longer able to control her face. She felt it growing sullen and heavy, as though it were made of something denser than flesh. "I said I'm sorry."

"Don't ever say sorry to me. Sorry does no good.*

"Are you angry at me?*

Erika shrugged. "Hurt yes. But not siurprised, because I knew it would happen sooner or later. This is sooner*

Tears of self-pity came into Kate's eyes. She looked away, partly because trying to focus made her dizzy and partly because she could not look at Erika's face. "Ill move out. I know Im just a bother. I'm no good for you*

"Don't be silly*

"It's true. I'm no good for anybody.*

"I can't talk to you when you're like this*

It didn't help to look away. She knew how Erika's face looked, the steady eyes, the sharp cheekbones, the tender expression. It was the same face that had looked down on her after love, proud and gentle at the same time. Pleased because she was happy—sad now because she was behaving badly.

It was evil to hurt Erika, who had already been hurt so badly. She thought about the scar across Erika's face, the blue numbers on her arm and the deeper hurts, unseen. She said in reluctant self-defense, "I wasn't so bad this time, was I?*



"You didn't have time to be."

It was true. The half-filled bottle stood on the dresser. Her own dresser—she couldn't have used Erika's room for this, not after the previous night She said, "Why don't you pour out the rest?"

"What good would that do? The trouble isn't in the bottle."

She had been in the rocldng chair when Erika came home from school, vague and sleepy, unable to focus her eyes or her mind—but not what she thought of as really drunk. She could walk straight, for instance. She hadn't started crying. She could talk to Erika when she came in—for a moment she had even hoped that Erika wouldn't know, but of course that was silly.

She said, "It would be better if you let me get really sick. Then I'd be all right for a while."

Erika opened her mouth to say something, then changed her mind. She put the lid back on the coffee can and reached up to replace it on the shelf. She turned the burner down and stood watching it, her neck bent. The electric coil glowed orange in the litde kitchen area. Erika took down two clean cups. She asked in a flat conversational voice, as if it didn't really matter, "What started it this time?"

Kate shook her head. She was tired and she ached all over. "I went to the agency," she said. "There were two girls there, right in the same row, just kids." Her throat hurt. "Like us, only kids."

"Nobody is like anybody else."

"You know what I mean."

"I know. People have these stupid ideas. But that doesn't mean anything. That's not why you do this."

"Then what is?"



"I wouldn't tell you even if I knew*

The coffee glugged fiercely. Erika turned the burner down. Kate said, "I suppose you think I should go to a headshrinker or something. I went to Doctor Liebermann for a year. I told you, every week for a year. I went without lunches so I could pay him. I even went without stockings in winter."

"So why didn't you keep on going?"

Kate looked at the floor. "It wasn't doing any good."

"No."

"What do you mean no?"

"I mean no. That's not why people stop going. You stopped because you were going to find out something you didn't want to know."

"Then 111 have to get along without knowing."

"Some day you'll find out," Erika said gently. "When you want to know the answer, it will come. It's easier if someone helps you, that's all. You really know already, only you lie to yourself."

The bitterness rose in her, sprayed out in words. "You know so goddam much!"

Erika filled a cup, set it down, and lifted the coffee pot to fill the other. It was a dismissal. "We'll talk about it some other time."

The coffee was boiling hot and strong. The first swallow choked her, the second tasted good. She was dissolved in weariness.

"Why don't you go to bed?"

"Because I don't feel like it. And you're not going to push me around anymore."

"All right, you do whatever you want to."

Kate noticed with a glimmer of pride that her hands were quite steady. The cup sat firmly on its



saucer. This hadn't been a bad one, not half bad. "Maybe I'm getting better," she said hopefully. "Tomorrow 111 find something to do. Maybe a temporary job."

Erika sat down on the edge of the bed, holding her cup in both hands. She was still in her school clothes and she looked tired. Kate's resentment melted. "I'm sorry I'm so ornery."

Erika said, "Wait a little while and see what happens. Wait until you're ready."

She didn't care, she could no longer keep her eyes open. It was a shame to waste good coffee, but she was even too tired to swallow. She said, "I think 111 go to bed."

Erika said soberly, "Well, if you really think so—"

She sat with her bra dangling from her hand, still troubled. "Erika?"

"Uhuh."

"How do I know when I'm ready?"

"Your bones will tell you."

Kate's attempt to smile was a failure. "My bones are tired."

"Get your bones into bed," Erika said, "and 111 hold them together for you until they get rested."



CHAPTER ELEVEN

She woke in the haymow. It was dark. Not night-dark, but suppertime-dark, all shadowy under the trees and around the edges of the barns. This time she had cried herself asleep. She stirred cautiously, the tiny sharp ends of hay sticking her bare arms and legs, the welts where the razor strap had fallen were starting to smart again. Her shoulder began to bleed, a slow trickle. She had never known that human flesh could hurt the way her chest did.

Her own fault. She knew better than to face up to a licking, least of all when Pa was drunk and couldn't see or didn't care how hard he was laying it on. It's not so bad to be leathered across the back and legs-cause if you acted scared, sometimes he went easier. But she had been half crazy with fright all afternoon, waiting for him to get back from town and punish her. It would have been all right if she'd busted one of Ma's dishes, but no, it had to be his special shaving mug. The one he got when he was just married, from some old girl or something. Well, she didn't do it on purpose, he'd left it on the very edge of the washbench. It wasn't her fault.

She'd known from the blaze in his eyes that she was in for it, and she'd turned to face him, hysterical with terror, when he got the strap down from the wall. The tough leather cut across her old gingham dress and ripped it open like tissue paper. The blows got her on the soft white flesh of the chest where her



tan ended, the place where the flesh was just starting to round up around the little pink buttons. The pain was worse than anything she'd ever imagined.

Now they were calling her from the back porch. She heard Ma's voice, shrill with anxiety, and Paul's like a deeper echo. She lay still, feeling her face harden into hate. I'll never go in. Not ever, not even if I starve to death.

There were small noises in the barn, reassuring because familiar. A scrabbling of mice behind the rough wooden walls, a rustling in the hay from the early evening wind that blew in through the small high window. Below, in the other part of the barn, Billy and Bess made chomping noises as they ate. She imagined the velvet noses wrinkling as they rummaged for corn ears in the manger, the big yellow teeth as they chewed. They were nice horses. She had ridden Billy in from the field when she was so little her legs stuck straight out, and she could harness up faster than Paul could. Made him mad, too.

There was a summer chirping of insects in the long grass, outside, and the tiny stiff rustling the hay made under her whenever she shifted position. I'd like to stay here, she thought drowsily, like a gypsy. I could let down a rope and Paul would put food in it and I'd pull it up. Give the crumbs to the mice.

Thirteen was too old for such games, but she let i herself think about it.

It would be icky in the kitchen. The smell cl frying potatoes mixed with hot oily odors of the lamp, and Pa's snores from the downstairs bedroom where he was sleeping it off. The kids would be looking scared the way they did when one of them got a



licking, and Ma would be moving around silently, worried because she couldn't stand between them and their father.

"Ka-tie!"

Paul's voice, getting closer. He knew where she was, all right. It was his hiding place too, but he wouldn't tell on her. He could live up here with her if he wanted, they could share their food and tell each other all their secrets, and when it thundered and lightened she would be there so he wouldn't have to be afraid. They'd sleep late in the mornings.

She moved to sit up, but the pain from her stiffening welts was more than she could bear, and her head felt dizzy the way it had when she'd fainted last winter. That was from crying. Paul made fun of her when she cried, but even Paul couldn't take a whipping from Pa without tears. Some day he was going to kill Pa. He'd been planning it for a long time, think ing about all the different ways he could do it—with a gun, with an axe, by putting ground-up glass in his food. She had felt her hate cold and strong in her chest when he talked about these plans. She felt tall and strong. She would help him.

Paul said, scowling, that men didn't cry. Only girls and babies cried.

"You're not a man yet, smarty. You're only two years older'n me."

"That's all you know."

"What makes you think you're so much?"

His mouth set. He looked proud and embarrassed at the same time. "None of your business how I know. You're just a sissy girl, you don't know nothing."

"Yeah, big talk. Boys are all dumb."

He had pulled her hair, not teasing like some-



times, but mad at her the way he got these days. She didn't care, she wasn't scared of Paul. He was her best buddy, her chum ever since she was an ugly little baby and he was a good little boy just talking. Ma said he'd run to tell her every time Kate cried. That seemed funny now, she felt older so much of the time. They stuck up for each other at school, when the other kids made cracks about Pa and his drinking, or the way they dressed or what was in their lunch buckets.

She guessed she liked Paul better than anybody in the world, but she wasn't going to knuckle under to him, all the same.

He was coming in the barn to look for her. She lay shaking with pain and tension, but the corners of her mouth twitched into a smile. Let him find me, she thought. He knew where to look. Let him climb up the ladder and beg me to come in. Serve him right if he's worried.

"Ka-tier

Hurting as she was, she couldn't help giggling.

His footsteps echoed across the floor, and stopped. He was coming up the ladder. She scrunched down into the hay and waited, hardly breathing. Then his head showed at the top of the ladder, the hair a brighter brown than hers and sticking up in a cowlick at the parting.

The haymow began to go around and around, sickeningly slow, and the darkness grew deeper.

She screamed.

And woke up in Erika's bed, her face buried in the pillow, the blanket on the floor and Erika's arm across her breast. The echo of her scream still hung in the air of the room.



CHAPTER TWELVE

"Kate, hush. Mrs. Brownlee will be up here. The other people in the house will all be awake."

"Let me loose!" She fought the hands that held hen "Don't touch me!"

"Kate, it was a dream. It's gone now."

Kate looked around the room, puzzled to find herself suddenly there. Tm sorry. I guess I was having a nightmare."

"Are you all right now?"

She blinked. The haymow was gone now, "Oh, sure."

Erika's clasp loosened, but she didn't move away. "Well, Gott sei dankel You scared me."

"I scared myself," Kate said in a rueful whisper. She burrowed her head into the frail security of Erika's shoulder, feeling the warmth of her skin*

"What were you dreaming about?"

"I don't remember."

It was the first time she had lied to Erika. She wanted to take it back, to tell her the whole silly business from beginning to end; but she didn't know how. What was the beginning, what was the end? After Erika had gone back to sleep, she lay with her back turned and her knees drawn up, feeling miserably that the He had put a wall between them.

But it was such a silly dream, with no meaning that she could figure out. How could you explain the yelling and sweating and the scared restlessness that



always followed these dreams? It happened time after time, and it didn't make sense.

Erika slept, her slight chest rising and falling smoothly under the blanket, the curve of her neck white in the street light that crept in under the ill-fitting shade. Kate turned over and lay looking at her, unable to relax, yet too tired to put her thoughts in any kind of order.

Only a few days, yet she knew every line of Erika's face and body and every inflection of her voice. The way her wrists and ankles were made of small fine bones neatly joined together, and the slope of her back and the flat stomach and the barely perceptible rise of her breasts. She knew the intensely tender look in Erika's face when they made love. There was no part of her that wasn't dear and familiar.

My hands know her, Kate thought, and my eyes and my mouth, too. Things begin to happen when she gets home after work. The rest is only waiting. When she touches me, I come alive.

But she couldn't tell Erika about her dream.

There's nothing to tell.

There's so much that can't be told.

The words sounded in the room. She looked at Erika, But Erika was asleep, her mouth turned up as though she were thinking about something pleasant.

Kate sat up, careful not to touch Erika. She reached under the edge of the bed for cigarettes and lit one, her hand shaking a little. The circle of fire was comforting in the gloom.

It was starting again. For a long time—it seemed like a long time, so much had happened in the last few days—she had been safe. Reading, going for walks alone in the daytime and after supper with



Erika, doing the simple marketing together. Everything led to the time when they would be together, with the rest of the world shut out. She had felt so free this morning, starting out to look for work. Maybe now, at last—?

She sat huddled over, her knees pressed together and her elbows held close to her sides, her neck rigid, her while body tight with the effort to keep from shaking. Her mouth felt thick and eviL She couldn't swallow.

Paul.

Paul in the too-loose uniform, hanging on the rack of skin and bones he'd become in that place. His hair cut short and the dreadful humble, nervous look in his eyes. She knew they gave them tranquilizers, medication—but it was his look of knowing that frightened her, as though he remembered everything and could find no hope anywhere,

Paul, silent in the face of her nervous chatter, taking the candy and cigarettes from her without comment and holding them as though he neither knew nor cared what they were. Paul, clearing his throat when he said goodbye in that toneless voice. Paul-she thought about him on cold winter nights when sleet banged against the windows of her cheap rented room. Paul, locked into a cell, imprisoned by steel and concrete more cruel that the elements. And in the hot summer finding his only exercise in a paved enclosure with no blade of grass to remind him of the living world outside.

My brother, she thought, the boy who couldn't walk across a plowed field without stopping to pick up a lump of earth and crumble it in his fingers; who planted corn as though he and the earth had a secret



love affair; who fed the hogs with a slow smile of pleasure, as if some hunger in himself were fed when they came up to the trough.

It was all over. Paul would never again take off his shoes to walk across the grass. Even if they let him out now, it would be too late. He's dead inside, she thought. Even if they found out he didn't do it, like in the movies. But he did it all right.

Nobody had a right to be happy with Paul shut away.

She began to cry, not noisily, but with the tears dripping silently down her face onto the rumpled sheets.

Erika sighed. Kate got up, quietly, and walked to the window. The view was the same from both rooms—a dry backyard, a few leafless trees, a segment of street with traffic lights at the corner. A few late cars rolled down the street, muffled by the light snow that had fallen.

Paul.

As long as she lived, she promised herself, she would remember everything about him. The letters he wrote her after she ran away from home. Short letters and far apart, for he was never much of a writer—but she had kept them for a long time. After Pa died and Paul took over the home place there was only one letter, the only long one, full of repetitions as if he were trying to get things straight in his mind. The script was almost impossible to read in places. As if he were free to tell her everything at last but didn't know how. There were times I wanted to do something awful to him, Katie. Every time I think how mean he was to us—specially to you. I used to dream about taking the shotgun and loading it up



and letting him have it when he was like he got sometimes when he went to town. You know the way I mean. He's gone now and I know you're not supposed to speak ill of the dead —

She wasn't sure now, ten years later, whether or not she had ever answered that letter from Patil or what she might have said to him that he could misunderstand. She had been three years gone from the farm then, working in the city as a file clerk after short jobs as a waitress and a maid. If she thought about Paul in those years it was to suppose he was better off, specially with Pa gone and and the farm to run the way he wanted. He'd get married and have some kids. She would go home for a visit, maybe.

Martha was the one who wrote, after she was married and tied down at home with a houseful of kids. Trust Martha to give you all the news, she'd rather visit than eat. First thing anyone knew, Martha and her husband were running the home place and Paul was living by himself in an old shack nearby. He gets along okay I guess, Martha wrote, anyhow he does enough day work to get along on but he never goes anyplace. Joe and I went over there with the kids one day and he wouldn't let us in. Tm sure he was there, the door was locked from inside and there was smoke coming out of the chimney. Ym afraid he's getting like Uncle Will when he went queer in the head and used to run away if anybody went to see him.

It was Martha who sent her the newspaper clippings after it happened. The Chicago papers even had a write-up, on an inside page. They tried to make Paul out some kind of crazy hermit who avoided peo-



pie and never went off the place without his gun. A man who thought somebody was out to get him. Well, she didn't know—maybe that was how it happened, maybe not. She had looked anxiously at the blurred newsprint, trying to find a picture of the man Paul had killed (in an argument over a line fence, if Martha had it right)—something to account for it all. He didn't look like Pa as far as she could see. But of course there might have been some turn of the head or tone of voice that threw Paul off center and stirred up the old hate and revenge.

Why else would he do it? Why would he kill a man he hardly knew, a man who never hurt him or anyone else?

She would never know.

I wish to God he could die, she thought. I wish I could die myself and get it over with.

Her feet were cold. She went to the closet and felt around among Erika's clothes, not wanting to turn on the light. A pair of jeans over her pajamas, a sweater, Erika's loden coat. Her own shoes were by the door where she had taken them off. She stood in the bedroom a moment, listening to Erika's breathing, before she found Erika's purse. She took a bill and wadded it into her pocket.

Then she shut the door quietly behind her. If Erika woke and missed her she would think she was in the bathroom. She went downstairs on tiptoe, stepping over the fourth step because it squeaked. She hesitated on the snowy porch. It was after three o'clock. There had been purse snatchings in the neighborhood and a couple of assault cases.

Oh hell, what difference did it make?

The air had that peculiar intensity of late night.



The rings of greenish light under the street lamps only served to deepen the darkness between lights. Kate wiped her sweaty face on Erika's coat sleeve and set off in the direction of the all-night drugstore.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

'This is becoming monotonous," Erika said. She held a glass to Kate's mouth. "Rinse, don t swallow."

"Oh jeezus."

"Are you dizzy?"

Kate considered. Her head ached, her face was hot, her skin felt as though ants were crawling under it She knew just how she looked—flushed and lumpy. Nobody looks worse than a hung-over drunk, she thought irritably—they're only thin and tragic in the movies. Her bruised shoulder ached. She had fallen in the hall, trying to get back to bed—her own bed-after an attack of nausea. The thud roused Erika.

She had said, "I'm all right Why don't you go to bed and get some sleep?"

Erika had smiled tiredly. "Come on. Back to bed."

There was no one in the hall. Twice they had waited silently while the Osgood boy rattled the knob and muttered, finally dragging his feet away. Erika wrapped an arm around her sagging room-mate and got her safely into the other bedroom. She locked the door and turned down the covers. Kate leaned against the door and watched her. "Look, I mean it. All I do is make trouble for you. Why don t you forget you ever saw me?"

"Get into bed."

The sheets were smooth. There was a clean case on the pillow. She climbed in and lay down, shutting



her eyes against the dawn light that creeped under the window shade. "What time is it?"

"About six."

"It's a school day. You're tired out."

Erika said gravely, Tm sick in bed. Sinus."

"They'll dock you."

"I can't help it."

"I'm poison to everybody I ever loved," Kate said. She started to cry. "Go away before I hurt you badly."

Erika said in a low, harsh whisper, "If you don t shut up I'll hit you on the mouth."

Kate was shocked into a moment's silence. Then she said shakily, Tm only thinking about you."

"You're only thinking about yourself. All drunks are selfish."

"That isn't fair."

Erika didn't answer. She sat down in the black mesh chair, picked up the blouse she had been mending the evening before, and began to run the needle through a ripped cuff. Kate, who had no knack for small housewifely chores, lay watching her. Erika did everything deftly and well, no matter how tired or busy she was. Her room was always neat, her shoes were polished, she washed out her stockings and underclothes every night and hung them on plastic hangers to dry as though these little chores had some special virtue. There was something appealing about all this domesticity in a girl who looked like a boy.

"What are you thinking about?"

"Erika, did you ever want to die?"

"Of course... many times. The first time a man did something to me—but then it was a lot of men. One wouldn't have been so bad, maybe."



Kate's heavy eyes flew open. She had never thought about Erika in connection with men.

"I was twelve years old/' Erika said quietly. Slightly far-sighted, she held the needle away from her eyes and drew thread through the eye and knotted it. "It was soon after they took me to the camp. It was almost the first thing that I can really remember. I don't know how I got to the camp in the first place or what happened, I was a little bit crazy, we were all a little bit crazy. We didn't get much to eat for a long time. 0

The needle flashed in and out through the thin material.

"They killed the old people and the children. Not always right away, but sooner or later. They ate too much and they couldn't work so hard. The young men went into labor battalions, many to Germany. They took the pretty girls to the places for officers—you know, where they went when they wanted women. The ugly ones they killed after the soldiers had them. I was twelve, with my hair in braids, but already I was starting to grow up a little— "

"Me too," Kate said in a whisper, "I was thirteen. Go on, what happened?"

She was still for a moment, holding her needle. Then she went on as though having started to tell her story, she was under some compulsion to finish. "They took me to the guard room for questioning. Of course they did that all the time, it amused them to see us suffer. Some never came back. Not all the soldiers were bad, some were decent men who had to serve in the army, like soldiers everywhere— but the bad ones ran the camps. You have to be hard to do such things—"



She began to sew again. "They took my clothes off and held my arms down and when I tried to scream one of them put his hand over my mouth. It wouldn't have done any good to scream anyhow, there was nobody to help. Then they did it to me, one after the other. I don't know how many there were. It went on and on—and it kept on hurting."

"Oh God," Kate said in a dry whisper. That slight body torn open, that thin little girl ravished and ransacked.

"When I was allowed to go back where we slept the other women knew what had happened. One was nice, she gave me an old sweater she had to use for a bandage. That was the first time I cried. Not because they hurt me, because I was missing my mother."

She folded her blouse and laid it neatly across the back of a chair. "It went on for two years. It happened to a lot of people, anybody they wanted they took—it was nothing to make a fuss about. If you fought back they took you out in the courtyard and shot you. Nobody ever seemed to get pregnant, isn't that funny?"

"Erika—"

"Everytime they did it I wanted to die, it hurt so"

"Erika!"

"You know what was worst? The way they unbuttoned their uniform trousers and took them down. There's something so brutal about a man's pants, the hard material and the buttons. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if they were undressed too."

Kate lay still, thinking it over. In her mind's eye she could see the thin, starved child creeping painfully back to her place among the sleeping women. "Haven't you ever—?"



"No. I would kill myself before I would let a man touch me that way." Erika put her needle into its little flannel case. "I dont hate men. You know some gay girls say they hate men. Men are all right, they're human, I work with them. But not like that."

"How do you do it? How does anybody go on living after a thing like that?"

"I don't know." She looked at Kate, her ringed eyes dark with compassion. "I know what my nightmare means," she said gently. "Maybe it's better." "Erika, I want to be close to you." Erika sat down beside her. "Go to sleep now* "Erika, I wish it hadn't happened to you." "It happened all right," Erika said. She laid her cheek against Kate's. "But they dont matter any

more."



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Mrs. Brownlee's round good-natured face was tomato red, not so much with anger, Kate decided, as with embarrassment. She kept looking around as if Emily Post or the FBI might be hiding behind the door. Kate said coldly, "You wanted to see me. What aboutr

"Miss Wood, you know I hate to ask a tenant to move." Mrs. Brownlee's flush deepened. She gave a last wild look around her neat kitchen and decided that nobody was going to save her. "You've been real nice and prompt with the rent and you always leave the bathroom nice, not like some people IVe had here. But—well, it's Mister Osgood. He says you and Miss Frohmann have been making a lot of noise and keeping him awake nights. I don't know a tiling about it myself."

Kate said, "That's ridiculous. Miss Frohmann and I are quiet as mice, and that Osgood fool knows it."

"Like I said, I dont know anything about it. Mister Osgood says you and Miss Frohmann spend a lot of your time together. I guess maybe it keeps him awake, you visiting back and forth."

Erika, standing behind Kate at Mrs. Brownlee's kitchen door, entered the conversation although she hadn't been invited to. "I don't think I am a bad tenant," she said coldly, "and I pay my rent on time too. But if it disturbs the other people in the house to have us here, we'll be glad to move. Tomorrow."



"Oh no, Miss Frohmann, that won't be necessary. If Miss Wood wants to go, I'm sure—Mister Osgood only—"

"Mister Osgood is a stupid lecherous bastard." Erika let her thoughtful gaze rest on Mrs. Brownlee's face, now turning purple. "Miss Wood and I will be out tomorrow. I hope you'll find a tenant who suits Mister Osgood. Maybe you could let him do the interviewing. He doesn't want peace and quiet, what he wants is a free lay."

She shut the door behind them, leaving Mrs. Brownlee in popeyed shock on the other side. "Bitch," she snapped angrily.

"Why me?" Kate's voice shook; she was ready to cry. She stood holding the backstairs railing. "Why me?"

"Because you wouldn't go to bed with him. He never asked me, I'm flat-chested." Erika considered, her profile clear against the dirty plaster of the back hall. "It's us of course, and he knows about the drinking too."

"Oh no "

"They always do."

"It's my fault. You were getting along all right till I came."

"Darling, does everything have to be your fault? Can t anything just happen? What is all this guilt?"

"I'm not guilty."

"Then why do you keep punishing yourself?"

Kate's face set. Erika touched her arm lightly. "Never mind. Now we go out and buy the paper, a good thing it's Saturday, and look in the ads for a nice clean apartment with no bugs and no mice and no Osgoods. Could we live in one room if we had a



bathroom of our own? Would we fight if we didn't have another room to go into and shut the door?*

"The question is, can we afford a bathroom of our own?"

"It won't cost more than two separate rooms—a silly way to live anyhow. Will we get tired of being so much together?"

"I'd like to be with you the rest of my life*

Erika sighed. "Who knows what's the rest of anyone's life? Let's think about moving tomorrow."

They bought the evening papers at the corner stand and walked home through the dusk, not touching but side by side and in step. "Maybe we can find a place close to my school," Erika said. "I'd like to walk on good days."

"I'm going to get a job.*

"When you're ready."

"Erika, do things like this happen very often? To people like us, I mean."

Erika smiled. "Sometimes, not often. We don't have to be like those people in the cafeteria."

Kate shut her eyes, remembering. The thin girl in men's clothes—heavy oxfords, fly-front pants, yet obviously not male. And the fluffy little creature in extra high heels, clinging and adoring. They had given Kate and Erika so questioning a look that both girls left their dinner unfinished and got out. "I never think about it unless something reminds me," she said. "I mean, is this normal or not? Everything seems so natural. Then something like this happens and I realize what other people think."

"That's the trouble," Erika said, "the world is full of other people." But she said it as though she didn't really care.



It makes me wonder what we axe."

Tm Erika and you're Kate."

"I love Erika."

"I like Kate."

"Onlyliker

Erika laughed. "Wait and see."

They climbed the front steps of Mrs. Brownlee's house and continued up the winding staircase in single file, avoiding the creaky railing which seemed to grow shakier with each passing day. Kate wondered if Mrs. Brownlee was listening and then decided she didn't care one way or the other. The fact that the Osgood boy's door stood open an inch also failed to disturb her.

Erika locked the door behind them and snapped on the over-head light. "It will be fun to move, you know thatr

Kate ignored the comment, wanting to continue the trend of their earlier exchange. "Erik, you do love me," she whispered, unconsciously adopting the masculine form of the name. "Say it, please."

Erika came to stand behind her. The small hands slid around to cup her breasts and Kate felt her nipples rising to meet the touch. She trembled as Erika's lips grazed the nape of her neck. "It is a simple thing to say," Erika murmured, her hands loving and gentle in their rhythmic movements. "It is a much better thing to prove."

Erika's breath was warm as she laughed softly. "It would be difficult with all these clothes in the way. Turn around and let me undress you, darling."

Kate turned, still trembling, "Erik..."



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

"This is nice. I like this one," Kate said. She looked around at the empty scrubbed shelves covered with red-dotted paper. The sink had a real drainboard and there was a full-sized stove. "There's even a stool to sit on while you cook. I could bake us a cake—if I haven't forgotten how."

Erika looked more critical. "It's all right. Where would we put the books? We can't possibly move all those bricks, they weight a ton. I carried them in four at a time."

"Well sneak out after dark and get more. They're tearing down that old hotel to put up a housing project—the contractors won't care."

Erika put a hand on her shoulder. "It's not much more than the other places, and three roomsl Do you think it looks like a happy place to live?"

Kate sniffed the fresh paint "Erik—"

"What, darling?"

"I promise not to do anything to make you feel bad."

A shadow flickered across Erika's face and was gone. "Don't make promises. If you break them, it makes you feel worse."

"All right then. But I feel so sure this time—"

"No."

"All right. It wasn't so bad in the other place though, was it?"

"Well, I met you there."



It was too sentimental to say, but Kate felt that even the bad times had been good. To be cared for when she was ill, to be forgiven when she made trouble, to hear Erika's quick light step at the end of a panicky afternoon; to be taken into Erika's arms— these made up for Mrs. Brownlee and the Osgood boy.

Erika walked around looking at the windows, estimating curtain sizes, taking long steps to see how big the rug would have to be if they ever had money for a rug. This place was unfurnished, a thing to make them stop and think. "We can buy things at Goodwill for almost nothing," Erika said thoughtfully. "A bed and some chairs. Why didn't I bring a tape measure?"

"Erik, I couldn't stand it if anything happened to you. If you went away or liked somebody else better."

"You'd stand it all right."

Fear laid a cold finger on Kate's heart. "Promise me you won't love anybody else."

Erika said smiling, "When you talk like that I know it's time for dinner."

Kate looked stricken. "Oh God, the dishes are all packed. I was being so efficient"

'Well go out."

"We cant afford it."

"I wish you'd stop worrying."

"But it's my fault!"

"Sure, everything is your fault including the atom bomb." Erika rubbed a cheek against hers. "Come on. Next week we'll eat beans."

"All right. Tomorrow I'll get a job."

They turned off the lights and locked the apart-



ment door, pocketing their identical keys with great formality. "Sometimes people give each other rings/* Erika said. "We'll have to get along with matching keys."

"We're together," Kate said dreamily.

They walked down the street, past shops locked for the night, window-shopping, stopping to choose the things they would buy when they had money. A chiffon housecoat for Kate, with a billowy skirt and wide collar, "because I like you femme." A necklace of pierced ivory and a bracelet set with lumps of jade. Books in soft leather, picked out in red and gold, in the window of an antique shop. For Erika, riding breeches of soft wool and a leather vestee, and fine English boots. "Everything but the horse," she said. "Look for a pet shop, darling, maybe we'll find one with a horse in the window."

"You and your horses I I'd sooner have a puppy."

"Well get a goldfish. He won't bark and he won't have to be taken out in the middle of the night."

They stopped in front of a drugstore. Kate said, "Let's eat here. The coffee is good."

"No, there's a little place in the next block where I go sometimes. They have a hi-fi."

"I won't ask what the food's like," Kate said ironically. "Too bad I'm tone-deaf."

The restaurant was a sliver of a place set between a cheap dress store and a furniture store. A good smell of cooking came from the back room. There were candles in chianti bottles and a hidden amplifier was playing a medley of Viennese waltzes. "Imitation Greenwich Village, but they can cook," Erika said, draping her loden coat over the back of a chair. "If they have wiener schnitzel we'll have it."



The dining room was almost empty. Two women sat near the door, picking at their food and making bored talk, and a young man at the next table had a book propped against the sugarbowl. Kate looked at him, decided she had seen him somewhere, decided she hadn't, decided it didn't matter. "Just so plenty of coffee comes with it," she agreed.

"Only don't let me order strudel, please, or I must buy all new clothes."

The young man looked up from his book with a pleased smile. "Hark, from the tombs a doleful voice," he said, half rising. "Is this a private summit conference or can I come over?"

"Come, of course." Erika's voice was pleasant. Kate, disturbed to have their privacy invaded, couldn't tell whether she minded or not.

"Nobody should eat alone, it causes indigestion and gravy on the pages," the young man said, pulling out a third chair at their table.

Erika said, "Kate, this is Doug Martin. He teaches history. This is my room-mate, Kate Wood."

He shook hands nicely, then went back for his book and a rather shabby jacket with leather patches on the sleeves. "I didn't know you had a room-mate. No reason why you shouldn't, only I always imagined you living in cloistered seclusion and communing with the spirits of Bach, Brahms and Beethoven."

'We spent our evenings washing dishes and listening to the other tenants fight for the bathroom," Erika said.

"Well, I'm a big boy, it's time I lost my illusions. How come you're moving?"

Kate sat listening while Erika gave him an expurgated version of the run-in with Mrs. Brownlee, mak-



ing it funnier than it was. Tve seen him before, she thought; but where? She accepted the plate the waitress brought her and picked up her fork, but forgot to eat.

"Well, look, why don't I come over and help you? Tomorrow's Sunday, no classes. I do have a car, if you can call it that"

"What do you think, Kate?"

Tm sorry, I wasn't listening."

"Doug will help us move."

Kate looked at her, then at Martin. There was nothing but friendliness on both faces. '"That would be nice," she said slowly.

I don't want him to help, she thought. It's our home, I dont want other people walking around in it. Why can't people let us alone?

She knew she was being silly. There was certainly no reason to say no to an offer made in kindness. He would have done the same thing for anyone. It would save them money, an important consideration since Erika was paying all the expenses. And after he left they would be together. She smiled, and Erika, watching, looked relieved. "Then we can move our bricks," Erika said.

"Swell. I'll be there around ten, okay?"

They sat in pleasant silence, Doug calling for strudel all around. "And coffee. You kids are sure restful. It feels good to be still."

"Yes."

"I hope you re more sociable than Erika, or it must be mighty silent around your place. She's the most shut-mouthed gal I know."

"We like it quiet."



"How'd you girls get together? You re not a teacher, are you?"

"We just met, the way people do." Erika closed her fingers on two of the three checks. "Kate and I are working girls. We pick up our own tab. And we do have to be going."

"See you tomorrow, then."

He held Kate's old tweed, Erika's loden coat. They went out into the quiet evening street. It was a misty evening, too warm for snow. Kate shivered. She put her hand in Erika's pocket. "IVe seen him, but I don t know where."

"In the mirror. He looks a little bit like you."

"Oh, nol"

"Well, maybe not much," Erika conceded, "but his face is shaped like yours and his hair is the same color, a little lighter maybe. He could be your brother"

Kate stopped still. Erika looked at her. "What's the matter? Are you sick?"

Tmall right."

"Doug's all right. The lads like him, too." Erika took her arm. "Look, darling, we can't shut other people out of our lives completely. Nobody can. We have to see people."

Kate remembered the woman at the employment agency, the curious stares that had followed the two girls in the cafeteria, the shamed purple blush on Mrs. Brownlee's fat face. "It makes me feel as if we ought to be ashamed, or something. Why can't they let us alone?"

"Are you ashamed?"

"No."

They went into the house holding hands. "The last



time," Erika said quietly. Already the two bedrooms looked stripped and forlorn, Kate's bed covered with folded clothes, cardboard boxes and wire hangers scattered around. Erika's board and brick shelves were empty. Kate shivered. "I wish we were already settled in the new place."

"Well be happy," Erika promised her. "Don't always be thinking about the future, it may never come. Be happy right now."



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

"Time to get up."

"In a minute." Kate sat up and stretched, yawning widely. It was a sunny day. "It would be a good day for a picnic/' she said lazily, turning over and polling the covers up around her shoulders. 'With a bonfire*

"I hate to waste a whole day moving. We could go riding if we had some horses." Erika rolled over. Kate could feel the whole firm smooth length of her. "Even indoors I can think of things to do."

"You're not trying to give me ideas, are you?"

The corners of Erika's mouth curled into laughter. "None that you don't already have. Why do you have such a pretty chest?"

Her lips were soft and warm, then hot and greedy. Kate wriggled with pleasure. "Put your hand here."

The gende fingers moved down, and stopped. Kate forgot who she was—where she was. There was no sound in the room except her harsh breathing. When at last she lay back against the pillow, her hand on Erika, the other smiled. "Come on, we have to get up. I know—but Doug will be here any minute."

"I wish he'd let us alone."

"He likes you."

"Don't be silly."

"When he looks at you, it's the way men look at women. Wondering if they will or won't."

"I don't like him," Kate said. All her pleasure had evaporated.



There's nothing you can do about it." Erika kissed her, then got out of bed. More of that neatness, Kate thought, watching her slide into panties and slacks, shirt and loafers. Erika hated to get up but was never late for work; disliked washing dishes but did it in double-quick time. Kate rolled over into the warm place where Erika had been lying.

"Get up before I pull you out"

"Go ahead."

"You think I can t?"

"Maybe. Or maybe 111 pull you back in and unfasten that silly zipper."

Heavy footsteps sounded in the hall, coming to a halt in front of their door. The girls looked at each other, wide-eyed. Erika giggled. "Ill let him in the other room. You get dressed."

Kate scrambled out in a hurry and got into the old clothes she had left out the night before: jeans, sweatshirt and sneakers. Moving day clothes, nothing butch about them. She looked into the mirror anxiously, as if the recent storm of feeling might be showing on her face. Elate Wood, making love with a girl. Could you tell?

A good face, alive and happy-looking this morning. A wide mouth, brown eyes, nose-shaped nose, bright, brown hair long enough to push behind her ears. I look all right, she thought. Good hips, a woman's bosom. I look like other people, she reassured herself for the hundredth time.

She picked up the seldom-used lipstick and ran it over her mouth, then coaxed a wave into her hair above the forehead, wondering why she was bothering.



She certainly wasn't interested in this Martin character.

"For some reason, I feel full* Doug Martin sat back and looked around the table, which was Uttered with empty dishes and leftover food: a loaf of bread still in the wrapper, a cardboard carton of milk, cold cuts on a paper plate, cheese, pickles, everything in a happy clutter. "It's a good thing we got the bricks carried upstairs before we ate. I don't think I could bend."

"I don't want to move for at least a week," Erika said. "Tomorrow I won't even turn over in bed."

"It's a school day," Kate reminded her. She had sat silendy through the meal, eating little, turning from Erika to Doug as they talked. She was tired—and apprehensive. Why, she didn't know. The moving should have been fun, with Doug carrying everything up and Erika at her relaxed best.

He asked, "How about you? Don't you have to go to work?"

Kate felt her face getting red. Tm not working right now."

He reached for the percolator, which Erika had set in the middle of the table. "Want a job? A guy I know is looking for someone who can type from dictaphone"

"I guess so." Kate frowned. "I have to do something."

TU give Ken a ring tomorrow and see if it's still open."

Kate was silent, not wanting to be obligated to the man. Erika said, "That would be nice." She sounded tired. Kate, looking at her sharply, saw that her face



looked weary. A vein jumped in the back of her hand.

"Yes, Td like that," she made herself say. "What does it pay?"

"About seventy, I think." Doug looked at his watch. "Hey, it's after three. Anything else you kids need done before I take off? Looks to me like you're pretty well settled."

"It was wonderful of you to help us."

"You can carry my piano up when I move," Doug said grinning. Kate looked at him, two lines between her brows. She thought, he does look like Paul. No, he doesn't. Erika's imagining things. She had never even seen Paul Kate tried to be grateful to him and couldn't feel anything but resentment.

"There's a nice guy," Erika said when he was gone. "All that food. Let's have him for a real dinner when we get settled, shall we?"

"Do we have to?"

Erika stacked soggy paper plates rapidly. "I wonder if we have a garbage can, or shall we buy one? Yes, darling, we have to."

"Well then, we have to."

Now they were alone, in the silence of an apartment-house Sunday afternoon. Kate looked around. Without rugs or curtains, it still had a look of home. She wanted desperately to throw her arms around Erika and hold her close, until they were like one person. She glanced at Erika and was shocked to see how tired she looked. Better not start anything. She said suddenly, "I'm going to take a bath and then pick everything up for the laundromat. There's a nice one on the next block."

"I'll go along."



"No, you take a nap. I won't be gone long."

It was the first time she had really done anything for Erika, unless you counted making love—which was, after all, primarily a matter of Erika's doing something for her. She went whistling down the back stairs with a pillowcase full of soiled towels and clothes, feeling good and calm.

Doug called around eleven o'clock. They were just getting ready for bed. Erika said "Damn!" and answered, and Kate laughed. But when he asked for her, she sobered. The job was hers, he said cheerfully. Ken wanted to interview her, but that was just a formality. "Nine in the morning. And what are you doing tomorrow night? How about a movie?"

The obligation was plain and she looked question-ingly at Erika. "I'm sorry, we re going out tomorrow evening."

"Okay, well make it another time."

She hung lip and turned to Erika. "I don't have to date him, do I? Because he got me a job?"

Erika said with maddening calm, "You don't have to go with anybody, but it's all right if you want to. I trust you."

"Oh—you make me mad."

"Come here. I'll make you madder."

She forgot to worry as Erika's lips touched her cheek, her throat, and moved downward. Nothing mattered but this.

Getting the job, the next morning, was almost an anticlimax. Ken said she could stay and start work right away if she wanted to, and to her own astonishment she decided she did. Here I was all set to be a martyr, she thought. I only came because Erika was



worrying about money and I didn't know how to brush off that Martin character. You never can tell.

She smiled cordially at the little file girl who was showing her where to find supplies.

There was no tension, no agonized pushing of the clock hands toward five. The other women were friendly and incurious. Coming out into the cold air at the end of the day, she felt happy for the first time in—how long? She walked across the street to the bus stop, humming a nameless time. Now I have a home, she thought. Somebody to love. That's what really matters—and she loves me back.

She felt warm and secure as she unlocked the front door. She looked in the mailbox—empty—and ran up three flights of carpeted stairs, getting a whiff of browning meat here and the hum of a vacuum cleaner there. A change from Mrs. Brownlee's, a change for the better. Maybe two can't live as cheap as one, she thought, but they can live cheaper than two. She pushed the apartment door open and went in.

Erika was sitting in the torn chair grading papers. She held her face up to be kissed. Kate said, "You know what I was thinking about all the way home?"

"That we're having hamburger again."

"I was thinking you re my family/'

"Youre just finding that out?"

"It never hit me so hard before."

"You never told me anything about your own family, darling, so how can I tell if this is bad or good?"

"Oh, if I were thinking about my own family it would be the meanest thing I could say to you." Kate hesitated, feeling the cold touch of the dark misery. Erika waited, pencil in hand, the question trapped



her lips. Kate said, "I don't think about it very often. Besides, it's nothing compared to "

"Tell me."

She was silent, trying to find words that wouldn't sound self-pitying or melodramatic. After all, compared with what Erika had gone through her story was trite. "My father was a drunk and a bully," she said at last. "A big strong man who might have been a good farmer if he'd stayed away from the bottle. Seems sort of funny I turned out to be a lush too, doesn't it? He used to come home stoned and beat the hell out of us kids just for the fun of it. Just because he happened to be feeling mean."

"Your mother?"

"A wrung-out dishrag. I guess she loved us, but he took all the spirit out of her before I was born. She died about five years ago, some trouble she'd had for years that should have been taken care of when she was having babies. We were all born at home, of course. I didn't go back for the funeral."

Erika looked away. "But you weren't the only child."

"No. My one brother was killed in Korea. My older sister lives on the home place, her husband runs it. We were never much to each other. Then there's—" she stopped. "There's Paul."

Erika was silent.

"Why don't you ask me?"

"Tell me if you want to. Or not."

"Paul and I were buddies. The kids always made fun of us in the district school—you don't know how mean kids can be. It's not their fault, they pick it up at home. Paul was two years older than me. I thought he was perfect."



The room was full of waiting. Kate walked to the door and looked into the kitchen. "Imagine having a real kitchen/* she said in a tight voice. Tin going to make us a Sunday dinner. Wait and see."

"I think youll feel better if you tell the rest*

She turned stiffly. "About four years ago, Paul killed a man in a fight over a line fence. A neighbor, just moved into the township. They could have sent him to the chair, it would have been better. He got life."

"It seems odd—"

"He quit farming when Pa died, went off and lived by himself. I suppose he got to brooding."

"That was when you started drinking."

"Of course."

But how could you describe, even to Erika, the gathering tension, the hours of lying awake, the inability to breathe? How could you tell about the nightmare that never came to an end but left her filled with a nameless dread? "It happened to me too," she said thickly. "That was when I—"

"What?"

"Nothing. I don't know what I was going to say."

But she knew. She rushed into the bathroom and stood looking at the basin until it seemed that the white china oval was permanently stamped on her mind. That was when I started sleeping around with men, she thought, feeling sick.

She'd left home at sixteen in the middle of the night, with her clothes in a cheap suitcase. It wasn't until she was nineteen that she even would look at a man. Then, because she was reasonably goodlooking, she was asked for dates and, timidly, began to go out once in a while. There had been movies and dances



and—she remembered a skinny boy named Bob-endless boring baseball games where you sat sweaty and bored while people yelled. She supposed she would fall in love and get married some time, but she wasn't in any hurry.

Naturally there was a lot of backseat fumbling. Approach and retreat, attempt and rebuff, hot hands in the uplift bra or under the skirt. Nobody got farther with her, partly because she was afraid of being caught and partly because she never wanted to go past the tongue-kissing, bosom-stroking stage. Most of the time that was too far. Sometimes she felt as though part of herself stood off to one side watching, repelled.

Sure, she'd spent all her pay on clothes in those days, trying to look like everybody else. She'd spent evenings polishing her nails, trying hair styles, putting on different colors of lipstick to see how they looked. But it wasn't to make herself attractive to men. It was part of being free and earning money and having a long life still reaching out ahead of her.

She was almost twenty-one before she went to bed with a man, and it didn't mean anything because it happened when Paul was first committed and all she did was wait for visiting days. She was half-drunk when it happened, another first time—she'd never tasted anything stronger than beer before. One of the men from her office had offered her a lift home and they ended in a motel out on the edge of town—with a fifth of whiskey. They sal around for a while, drinking and kissing, and finally they got undressed and went to bed. It didn't seem like anything to make a fuss about. She'd been surprised that it was so simple.

Both of them were afraid to look at each other the



next day. She couldnt remember the guy's name, Charley something. He was afraid his wife would find out. That was all she remembered about that, thanks to the alcohol.

There were others, none of them distinct in her memory. Except the truck driver who got mean after a few drinks. She remembered him all right. He pulled her out of bed at four in the morning and slammed her up against the wall before going to work on her with his fists, screaming words she'd never heard, even from Pa. The motel owner threatened to call the police and chased them both out, and she drove the man's car back to town because he couldn't see straight. When she got home she discovered she had two black eyes and a split lip. A wonder he hadn't knocked out a mouthful of teeth, that would have been a real problem.

It seemed then, that she had gone to bed the way other people went to the movies. It was something to do, a way to keep from being alone in the evenings. And what had she ever gotten out of it? A little excitement while you wait for it to happen, a little fun while it's going on if the guy isn't in too much of a hurry; and a little worry afterward if your period is late. She could remember lying in bed under some sweaty stranger and wondering why she was there.

Never, the feeling of tenderness that welled up in her when Erika touched her.

She ran a drink of water and went back into the living room. Erika was reading through a paper, frowning, pausing to mark a mistake in red pencil. She looked up. Kate stood in front of her. "You know what, Erik?"

"No, what?"



"I love you*

Erika stood up, dropping the pencil. She put her arms around Kate and held her tight. "I love you too," she said. "Nothing else matters/'



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

"Doug Martin called again," Erika said. She put the last plate in the cupboard and hung up the dish-towel, not looking at Kate.

"What did he want this time?"

"Same thing he wanted last time. You."

Kate pulled the kitchen stool out from under the shelf and sat down, hooking her feet over the top rung. "Erika, you're imagining things."

"Not at all. Do you think nobody ever looked at me that way? I know what it means."

"To hell with him. I wish he'd let us alone."

"We can't shut ourselves away from people." Erika's face tried to smile, but failed. "Doug's all right. Would it kill you to go out with him one time?"

"It's such a waste of time."

"So are student recitals. So are examinations. Nobody has ever found a way to live without wasting time."

"I see enough people at work. I won't have any man coming between you and me."

"The worst that would happen would be not much, I think. He isn't a caveman type."

"I don't want him to like me."

"He likes you the way men like women. Can't you see this is natural for most people? It might even be good for you. You ought to have more contact with other people."



"I suppose so," Kate said, "if you're thinking about what other people think. I know as well as you what that Osgood son of a bitch told Mrs. Brownlee. I'm not stupid/*

Tm sorry."

'Well, it's not your fault. It's the way society's organized."

"In a way it's my fault," Erika said. "What you had before didn't count. I got you into this/'

Tm glad you did."

"Don't go with him, then. It doesn't concern me, it's for you to decide."

Kate unfolded and stood up. "All right," she said grudgingly. "Ill go if you think I should. He better not get fresh, though."

No question about it, Doug Martin was becoming a problem. He had helped them settle into the new apartment, had brought Erika a good six dollar desk from the Catholic Salvage and talked a friend into helping them carry it upstairs, take it apart and reassemble it on the other side of the door. Kate hadn't been home. She had called from the neighborhood movie house and, hearing they were there, had seen the entire bill a second time, getting home red-eyed and resentful at midnight. "A fine thing. I can't even get my sleep because those idiots don't know enough to go home."

"Doug likes you."

'Tell him I'm drunk. That'll do it."

Privately, Erika doubted it. But she did suggest, when Doug dropped in again, that Kate had a liquor problem. "For God's sake don't ever bring us anything to drink." But it didn't seem to alienate him. She told Kate later, "He's the kind of man who likes



to take care of people. The land who marries a girl that's plain or handicapped or something. Now he feels protective to you."

"Oh Jeezus."

Now she was becoming a little frightened. She said, Tm done with all that Why go through the motions Y*

"Do as you like."

"I like to be with you."

But she had no real excuse to refuse a date. Her evenings and weekends were free. She was healthy, and there was nothing about dictaphone typing to keep her in the office after five o'clock. Doug knew she wasn't caught up in any whirl or social activity. She wasn't writing a book, or painting a picture, or like Erika's friend Marishka, putting in hours at the barre in hope of being the next Markova. There was absolutely no reason she could give this kind, pleasant, decent young man for refusing to go to the movies or out for a pizza.

She wondered idly what would happen if she told the truth. I don't want to go with you because men have no appeal to me at all. I happen to be in love with a woman. This woman, sitting across the room from me with her lovely head bent over a book. We love each other, we sleep together, she is a volcano of love such as you can never know, you nice young man.

Even if one colleague of Erika's knew the truth, it was too risky. In the area of private morality it's not necessary to have proof. Charges were never brought. Suspicion is enough.

She couldn't do that to Erika, just to avoid being



bored. And she couldn't tell him she was going with someone else. He would know she was lying.

She simply said, "Okay, Til go if he asks me again*

"He only wants you to go to the movies with him, and maybe have something to eat later. He doesn t want to marry you."

"Of course. I'm being silly."

But she panicked when he showed up the following Sunday evening loaded with delicatessen and (Erika's warning) a carry-carton of Coke. "Say if youVe made plans," he said cheerfully. "I cant stay long, got a date—I thought maybe I could invite myself to supper."

"Of course, were glad to have you. Hang up your coat."

He asked Kate, "Don't you ever stay home? I've been trying and trying to see you—never saw a girl so hard to catch at home."

"Oh?"

"Thought maybe you'd like to go a movie."

"Why not?" '

"Swell. Tomorrow?"

"Tomorrow would be fine."

She forced herself to eat and talk, feeling Erika-there like a sheltering wall And when he left she clung to Erika, first in terror and then in passion, so that the evening ended in bed and it was good, better than it had ever been before. As though the threat of his touch made her love Erika more.

But in the morning she got up heavily, weighed down by a feeling of dread. She spilled coffee on the tablecloth, dropped a lighted cigarette on her good; skirt. She even bumped into a small boy downstairs. Red with shame, she stopped to look into the hall



mirror and saw that she was blotchy, untidy and tired. This is going to be one hell of a day, she thought miserably.

She was too tired to walk the eight blocks to the office as she sometimes did, and took a bus. But no sooner had the doors closed her in when she began to feel afraid. Suppose they bumped into something? Suppose the doors stuck and she couldn't get out? She started to get up, moved by an almost uncontrollable urge to ask the driver to stop and let her off. Then common sense took over and she sat down.

Okay, Dr. Liebermann, she thought grimly. So I'm really hoping we'll bump into something and 111 get cracked up. Anything to keep me from going to the show with Doug Martin and maybe getting my hand held. I'd like to be in a hospital with a cast on my leg. You're one hundred per cent right, and I'm not so dumb I don't know it, but do you think that makes me feel any better about the whole thing, you Freudian son of a bitch?

She got off at the corner and sauntered across the street in front of a moving truck, ignoring the red light. The driver leaned out of the cab laughing. 'Take your time, doll, I got all day. What's your phone number?"

By noon her wastebasket was full of crumpled letters and the office manager had spoken to her twice about the way the tapes were piling up. She skipped lunch and went for a walk, but it didn't do any good. Yd like to walk right out of this damn town and never come back. Drop dead beside the road somewhere. I cant do it. I wont.

She told herself it was silly to be afraid of Doug Martin. Half the human race was male, if you didn't



count the gay boys who were certainly no threat You couldn't avoid half the human race. And this was a nice fellow, like any other—but nicer than most.

But she was afraid of him.

Paul, she thought. The small thin worm stirred warningly in the dark of memory.

She stopped. She was in the town's mam shopping center. All the stores were lighted and filled with hurrying lunch-hour shoppers. She stood beside a liquor store, bigger and fancier than any she had ever been in. The bottles in the show windows winked enticingly.

IVe always known it, she thought. While we were fixing up the apartment, and all. I knew it couldn't last.

Tears of self-pity welled into her eyes.

One sure thing, I cant go back to that office and sit at a desk all afternoon, mangling letters.

She went in.

The apartment was still when she opened the door, with that peculiarly empty feeling a place has in the middle of a weekday when everyone is at work. She walked on tiptoe, although no one was there to hear her. The drip of water in the kitchen sink was loud in the silence. A car on the street below backfired. She jumped.

Two used cups stood in the sink. She washed them and put them away, straightened the little spice tins on the top shelf, and wiped the stove top with a plastic sponge. There was nothing else to do. Erika was a domestic type. Trying to stall it off, she



thought coldly. Might as well go ahead and get it over with.

Erika will be hurt.

I cant help it. Anyway, it's her fault. She talked me into it.

The filled glass fell from her hand and broke. Maybe it's a sign, she thought, watching the colorless liquid spread over the clean linoleum, stooping to pick up the glass splinters. Maybe I m not supposed to do this.

But she knew she had no choice.

She put the broken glass in the garbage bag, being careful not to cut her hands. When I feel this way Im accident-prone, she thought wisely. I'd like to die but I don't want to cut my finger. Freud used to ask his children when they hurt themselves, Why did you do that? Why are you punishing yourself? A story Dr. Liebermann had told her.

A hell of a lot he knew about punishment.

She unhooked a plastic cup and filled that. Go ahead and fall, you son of a bitch. The liquor splashed into it, the bottle rim jiggling against the plastic.

She had forgotten how bad it tasted. If you have to be an alcoholic, she thought, it would help to like the stinking stuff.

Better if it was cold.

She took the cube tray out of the refrigerator, scraping her hand in the attempt to loosen it, then held it under the hot water tap for the ice to work loose. Now that she was committed to it, she was eager to get going. There would be the remembering and the dreams. But afterward, only oblivion.





She took her first drink, hoping with all her heart that Erika would come home and make her stop.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

This doctor's name was Stewart. He was younger than Dr. Liebermann by about twenty years and much neater—Dr. Liebermann was always chewing on a cigar and there were usually nicotine stains on his fingers and a dribble of ash down the front of his shirt, where his belly bulged out. This man had an ashtray on his neat desk but it was empty and polished—probably there for the patients. He was slender, neat and cool. She didn't like the way his hair was parted—so very exactly on the left side, like a little path.

"Why do you think you stopped seeing your analyst, Miss Wood?"

She looked across the desk at him. Make him think you trust him. "I wasn't getting anywhere."

"Did you expect a cure in a year? After taking years, probably, to get into emotional trouble?"

Her voice was sullen. "I didn't expect anything."

"You don't think therapy does any good?"

"I didn't say that."

"May I ask why you came to me?" He put the tips of his fingers together, watching her.

"My roommate asked me to." I see.

He turned over a stack of papers, a small frown marring the placidity of his face. She noticed how thin and clean his fingers were. Dr. Liebermann's were pudgy and warm, the nails uneven. He had



once patted her on the arm, not like a doctor but like a father (a movie father, she couldn't imagine Pa laying a hand on anyone except in wrath). His hands smelled of tobacco.

"Do you get along all right with your room-mate?"

"Sure. We both work, we're gone all day."

Don't look at him when you think about Erika.

She focused on the ceiling above his head, the neat

line where the ivory joined the pale green of the

painted wall.

"Do you often take her advice?" "Sometimes."

"I suppose you have some personal relationships." Dr, Stewart said. "Do you go out often with men? Any romantic attachments, if you want to put it that

I don't give a damn how you put it, Kate thought. But she breathed easier. "You mean sex. No, not now."

"Have you ever been married?"

"No."

He looked at his desk. Trying to remember what you're supposed to say at this point, Kate thought. The number one guess being wrong, what do the books tell you to try next? There must be a formula for it, they have a formula for everything. Number sixteen: How To Break Down the Resistant Patient. She cleared her throat.

"You realize, of course, that what an analyst is able to do for any patient is more or less dictated by the patient's willingness and ability to cooperate." And by his willingness and ability to pay, Kate thought. He might be more optimistic if I had a better coat. "This is true to some extent in every branch of medi-



cine, even surgery, but it's particularly true in psychotherapy, where the patient and doctor are partners in a series of explorations that may continue for some time. 79

Very nicely put, Kate thought with some admiration. Reik or Brill? One of the Freud boys; Erika would know.

"When you come to accept the fact that emotional disturbance is an illness like any other, there are a number of techniques that can be brought into use. Counselling, group therapy, hypnosis, electro-shock, the so-called truth drugs, tranquilizers. It may require a series of tests to decide which of these may best suit the needs of the particular patient/'

God damn it, Tm not a guinea pig. I'm a human being. Me, Kate Ellen Wood. I may not amount to much, but I'll take me in preference to any goddam guinea pig.

"There seems to be little point in starting a course of analytical sessions as long as youVe already shown some resistance to that method. Not that this is always the patient's fault. There may be a number of factors involved.*'

He paused long enough for that to sink in. Good technique, she admitted. Discredits Liebermann without a single unkind word, even without calling him by name. What a bastard this one is. I bet he has a wonderful bedside manner for well-to-do neurotics. I bet the fat middle-aged ladies think he's God almighty.

"If the alcoholism were the primary problem, a cure would be relatively simple. But alcoholism is almost never primary. It has its roots in neurosi^J



and that neurosis may stem from something that seems trivial or even impossible from the patient's viewpoint. Some shock received in early childhood that has been lost by the conscious mind—until something brings it to the surface." The classroom manner now, fingers together, eyes fixed on the back wall of the lecture room. "It may be something so unimportant by adult standards that the patient rejects it as a possible source of trouble even when it is pointed out. That's why a good anaylyst leaves the analysand free to make his own discoveries and draw his own conclusions."

Kate snapped, "I read that book too."

His eyes narrowed a trifle, but his face remained unperturbed. Be patient with the patient. We do not blame. He said kindly, 'Will you think it over for a few days? If you feel you want to start treatment, well try to decide what methods might be most effective in your case."

Of course, Kate thought, there's always lobotomy. Or maybe they could just bash my head in with an axe, it would be quicker and kinder. She said falsely, "Thank you."

"How about coming in and letting me know your decision, say a week from today?"

"That would be fine."

She waited while he wrote her name on his appointment pad and made out a reminder card for her, in a small neat hand.

It's no good, she thought, pulling on her tweed coat and going out into a fine drizzle of winter rain. I knew it wouldn't be any good. Why do I let my-self be talked into these things?



To Erika, sitting patiently in front of an empty coffee cup at the corner drugstore, she said, "It was like I thought it would be. They all say the same things. They all think they know the answers, and they haven t even found out what the questions are/'

Erika looked at the cup. "What did you tell him?"

"I didn't tell him about us, if that's what you mean. I don't trust him. I made an appointment/* Kate admitted, sinking into a chair as if she had just realized how tired she was, "but I'm not going to keep it."

Nothing showed in Erika's face. She said, "Well, that's for you to decide. It's your neurosis."

"Anybody who wants it is welcome to it. I wish you wouldn't always be so damn reasonable."

Erika laughed. "I have to be. You're so damn unreasonable, somebody has to maintain a balance."

"Look, this is no laughing matter. I'm not a five-by-three card you can put away in a box and shut the cover on. I'm a human being."

Erika was silent.

"Okay, go ahead. Say it. I'm not much of a human being, why hang on to such a lousy personality?" Kate took the coffee that was set in front of her. "I don't know. It belongs to me, that's all. I'll go along with you on one thing, you'd be better off without me."

"I didn't say that."

"You're thinking it."

"If you don't want therapy, don't have it. In a way it's my problem too," Erika said, "but you have to figure it out for yourself."



1 can't see any way to work it out" Kate closed her eyes. "I wish something would happen."

"Something probably will," Erika said. "You may be sorry when it does."





CHAPTER NINETEEN

Suddenly in early March it was spring. A treacherous spring, with a threat of freezing in the air for the new prickles of green grass, but with promise too. One Sunday afternoon Erika looked around the park with quiet pleasure. "Ein schoner Tag. A beautiful spring day. When I was a child my father used to take us to the park on days like this, only later in the year. With the sky full of little white clouds."

"We never had a park, or a zoo. But we had the whole outdoors to play in."

"You had animals too, didn't you? Chickens, cows, pigs—even horses/* Erika sighed happily. "Do you think we'll ever be rich enough to live in the country and have a horse?"

"And a barn for it to live in, and corn and hay to feed it? You and your horsesI"

"But they smell so good. The stables smell so nice, straw and grain and that clean horse smell. Even their droppings smell good, like oats and sunshine."

"Okay, when we're rich well buy a horse. Maybe we should buy a ticket on the Irish Sweepstakes."

"Or win the puzzle in the paper."

They walked along, not touching, but pleased with their Sunday leisure and the beauty of the afternoon. The park was swarming with children, warmly sweat-ered but running wild with spring in the air. Young couples moved along hand in hand and older people walked around slowly, as if their feet hurt but



their minds were at rest It was the outdoors for people who had no grass or trees of their own, and no time to enjoy themselves except on weekends.

"Do you want some ice cream? Shall we be ten years old, like those cute little girls, and walk along licking ice cream cones?"

That's another thing we didn't have on the farm. Except at my grandmother s when she was alive, we used to make it in a freezer. The one who turned it got to lick the dasher."

Erika said, remembering, "On the way home from the zoo we used to stop in a little cafe, and my father would have beer—draft beer, you know, dark and foamy and so good. He used to let us taste it, Kurt and me. We didn't really like it but we always drank it because it was supposed to be only for grownups."

"Like coffee."

"Exactly."

A scatter of knobby-boned boys, twelve or thirteen years old, parted to let them by and grouped again in a little clearing, where they turned into a soft-ball team. Kate walked a little faster to get out of pitching range.

"We had chocolate with Schlagobers—whipped cream—and such fancy pastries. With more whipped cream on them, and cherries and nuts and little shavings of chocolate."

"You do want an ice cream cone," Kate said laughing.

"When I first came to the States I lived in New York for a while, and one day I went into a Viennese bakery and had exactly the kind of cakes my father used to buy for me. It wasn't the same. Being a child, that's what makes things taste so good."



"Store baloney*

"What?"

"Nothing. You d have to grow up on an Indiana farm."

"That's what I meant," Erika said. She slipped her arm through Kate's in the familiar hugging motion as they walked toward the animal cages.

They stood before the lion enclosure and watched the Hon pace back and forth, slow and sullen, his wide cat-eyes slitted when he came into the sunny corner of the cage. Back and forth, his tail switching, his smooth-muscled body turning at the end of the cage as though its limits had become part of him.

Erika shuddered. "Let's go somewhere else. Monkeys in cages I don't mind, they act like they're having fun, but lions and tigers and all the wild things —no. It's like a prison."

"It's not much of a zoo/*

"Nice for the children, though," Erika smiled at a chubby little thing in a red jacket, and the girl gave her a shy little smile in answer. "The children here are wonderful. So healthy. If I were a child I'd want to be an American." She stopped to consider. "Maybe not, though. They have too much, their parents are afraid of them, and all they do is look at television."

They sat down on a green bench and stretched their legs. Erika wiped her face on a tissue. "Such dirt"

"It washes off."

Erika nodded. Kate saw that she was still back in that park of her childhood. "My brother, Kurt—he always wanted two pastries. My father always scolded and then let him have the second one. Kurt was a delicate child and he made the best of it, if



you said 'no* he kicked and screamed. So he always got the second pastry and he was always sick later."

"Erika, how can you be so calm about it?"

Erika sat silent for a little while, her thin hands wrapped around her knees. Then she smiled brightly. "It wasn't so easy at first. In the camp, I used to pretend they were still alive. It's easy to pretend when you don t get enough to eat—in fact, you soon can't tell what's real and what isn't. Our life all seemed like a dream, except when we were in pain. Then after the bad things happened with the soldiers it didn't matter any more. Nothing mattered except how much food we would get."

A blackbird hopped across the dusty grass and stopped beside her foot. She looked at it.

"And then at last, I came to see that the dead ones were lucky. Nothing else could happen to them. They were safe."

Kate's eyes widened. "But how can you feel that way, when you don't think it's right to want to die?"

"No," Erika said earnestly, "to be thankful when someone you love is dead, if there is no hope—that's one thing. To end it for yourself is different. I don't know why, but I know it's like that."

Kate said shame-faced, "I took sleeping pills once/*

"What happened?"

Kate laughed shortly. "They took me to the hospital and pumped out my stomach. It was humiliat-ing.

"Ah, when you really want to die the humiliation doesn't matter."

They sat still for a while, watching the tired young mothers and the children, the wizened little man with his colored balloons, the fat boy pushing



the Good Humor cart. Teen-aged boys and girls in jeans darted through the crowd, yelling and pushing, spilling over with puppy energy and good health.

"There were people in the camp who wanted to die," Erika said. "Sometimes they found ways. Some cut their throats or their wrists. A woman in my barracks hanged herself. Very ugly, with her face all puffed up and purple. We despised her for it." Her face was cold, her voice without pity. "Some of them just gave up. In that place you had to work to stay alive—if you quit trying, then the dysentery got you, or TB or hunger. Or you got a little tiny cut and it turned into gangrene. The ones who wanted to live, they were taken out and shot or something like that."

She moved. The blackbird flew away. She said, "I think it must be like that everywhere. People die because they want to, only it's slower when they have enough to eat."

This was the most she had ever said about the camp. Kate sat wide-eyed and unmoving, trying to realize that the horrors she was calling up were not something on a movie screen, but things that had happened to Erika, who could be bothered by a broken fingernail or an unwashed cup. She put out a timid hand and touched Erika's sleeve, knowing that she was still very far away.

"Then the war was over and we were liberated. I went to a Red Cross camp, a place where they tried to find families for us. But I had no family to find. There was a woman who made me talk, a Missus Campbell, an English Quaker. She made me tell her everything, about Kurt and my mother and Tante Lose, everything. What happened with the soldiers,



too. It hurt. But before that, I always had dreams and I was afraid to sleep."

"And now you don't have the dreams."

"No."

Kate looked down at the path in the grass. A line of black ants tugged and pushed at a broken piece of cone, moving it toward their hill. "I'd tell you if I knew," she said in a small hurt voice.

"You have to tell yourself first," Erika said. She stood up, dusting the seat of her slacks. "Look, it's too nice outdoors to be so serious. Let's go and get some ice cream cones, shall we? And a candy bar."

"Who's the candy bar for?"

"The ants, silly. Think how surprised and happy they will be, so rich suddenly."



CHAPTER TWENTY

This was her life now. To wake when the alarm clock started its disagreeable whirring and to realize, with new comfort and relief every time, that Erika was alseep beside her. To lie for a moment looking at Erika's closed face made Kate feel that she had a proud secret, a store of treasure hidden from everyone else. They almost never had time for more than * a married-type good morning kiss, but Erika's presence in her bed was all Kate needed to reassure her: for the day.

They were not crowded in the apartment, as they had feared they might be. Both of them were gone all day, and when they were there, they moved with certainty. This was home. The place of every single thing they owned—and they didn't own much. Kate could have cooked a meal in the dark, laying hen hands on pans and foodstuffs with sureness. They. moved around quickly, washed and dressed and made orange juice out of a frozen concentrate without talking. Erika said it was a morning ballet

They left for work separately, Kate going first because she had to be at her desk by eight-thirty, Erika going in the opposite direction for her third-period class. In good weather Kate walked. This was almost the best part of the day: neighborhood children starting off to school, old men puttering in their yards as spring came on, women hanging out their wash.



At the office the windows were open. Sunshine spilled over the floor and a breeze blew in to ruffle the papers on her desk. Most of the girls were younger than Kate, just out of high school or married and helping to pay for their homes. Some, those that had two or three children, were about her age. There were two or three responsible old girls, the kind who keep offices going, married to their jobs. She got along all right with everybody. They didn't matter.

The work itself was routine but easy. There was a sort of pleasure in the crisp touch of the keys under her fingers and the smooth rotation of the plastic tape. She liked to deliver a stack of letters for signing at the end of the afternoon and to tear a page off her desk calendar before she went home—as though she had accomplished something. She could see how people got hung up on office work, while the years of their life sifted away like sand through an hourglass. And she liked earning money, paying her share of the expenses, getting a new dress once in a while, ; taking Erika out for dinner on Friday when they were both tired from the week's work. There was ; never anything left over, but they were doing as well as most people.

She was eating well now, getting enough sleep, and she felt a new energy. It was good to walk the eight blocks to work, swinging along the wet sidewalk after a rain, smelling the damp ground and the new grass. It was fun to shop during her lunch hours. When it rained or blew and she had to take a bus, she didn't mind the crowding and the stale cigars. She felt untroubled. Maybe, she thought hopefully, it would last this time.

Not that everything was wonderful. She had



cramps, headache, a hangnail that caught on things. Her new stockings snagged the first time she wore them. The cake she baked was soggy in the middle. But it didn t matter.

Because all day long, whether she was walking to work or jammed into a bus seat beside a sweaty stranger or typing endless versions of the same letter, there was Erika. Every tick of the clock brought her closer to the evening, when she and Erika would be together.

It was good to get home first and put on sneakers and an old pair of blue jeans and start supper, knowing Erika would be along soon. It was even better to get home and find Erika there, waiting for her. Their 1 evenings were quiet. But at the end of the evening was bedtime and, there was the spark between them that grew into a blaze and consumed them both.

The touch of Erika's hands was all it took to wake I her into desire, now. It puzzled Kate, when she was alone or in the satiated moments before she fell into a deep after-love sleep, that people could be so wrong about this kind of love. How could anything so wonderful be anything but good?

There was nobody she could talk to. They didn't I know any other gay couples. The girls at the office only talked about their boy friends and husbands. I' do this and he did that and then we did so and so—! there was no detail they didn't describe. She listened and was silent. But she knew that some of them were j restless an unsatisfied and some were guilty about their "normal" love and some were unable to love, j Being straight was no guarantee of happiness.

She didn't know any answers. All she knew was I that she was happy as long as she had Erika. Making



Erika happy seemed even more important than the crazy up-through-the-ceiling pleasure Erika gave her when they were in bed. No, she couldn't believe that anything which made two people so happy was wrong.

She liked to wake in the very early morning, lying against the narrow shelter of Erika's back. There was the low ticking of the alarm clock and Erika's rhythmic breathing and sometimes the blowing of a light spring rain against the window. A strip of curtain fluttered in the pre-dawn breeze.

Deeply content, she would fall asleep again. This was the center of the world. There were only two persons in it, Erika and Kate.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

"Erik"

"Yes, darling"

"What about summer?"

Erika closed her book, marking the place with her, finger. She looked troubled. "What do you mean, what about summer?"

"Well," Kate explained, "it's already May. School] will be out in about three weeks. Don't teachers have to go to summer school, or something?"

Erika's voice didn't sound right. "I should have tol^ you before," she said. "I kept hoping something was going to happen. A small miracle or something."

"Where will we go?"

"Chicago, I guess. There are some good schools in the Twin Cities, but I didn't try to get the enrollment forms in there. As a matter of fact IVe been thinking about trying for a job in a bigger place. It would be easier for us, and we could make some friends."

"But Erik, my job!"

Erika smiled. "There are plenty of jobs, you caii get one easily. But we can't go for another year, be-: cause I've signed a contract here. And I do have tc go to school. And next week I have to go to Chicagc for a couple of days and register, and find a place tc stay."

Kate said harshly, "Maybe it would be easier foi you if you didn't have me to think about, at all."

"Maybe you'd rather not talk foolishness. I have]



o go alone this time," Erika said patiently, "because will be staying with a woman I know named Lucy Lnn Campbell. Her husband is the cousin of my English Missus Campbell, and they sponsored me to ome to this country. She expects me. I have to go." "Of course you do. What's she like?" "Straight. Married. Two children." "Oh." But why did she feel like crying? "You must see that I can't drag you along and say

0 her, 'Look, this is Kate. I'm so much in love with ler that we can't bear to be parted for three days/ I [on't think she ever even heard about it. Besides," Srika said practically, "we haven't got any money."

Kate looked away. "There's no reason I can't stay lone for a few days. I'll clean the apartment while ou're gone."

"I'll leave the phone number. You can call me every vening." "I'll be all right as long as you love me." Erika cupped her chin in a gentle hand. "Darling, lon't depend on me so much. It makes me happy, but hat's a selfish happiness and I fight it in myself. I /ant you to be strong and free, to be somebody in ourself. If anything happens, I want you to be all ight." She shook her head. "Don't ask me what can lappen. An illness, a train wreck, anything." "I'd die if anything happened to you." "No you wouldn't. You would go on living for both fus."

1 "Sentimental."

Erika hugged her. "So this is Tuesday. I go on today after school and you can get along all right ntil Monday night, no? The sooner I go the sooner 11 be home again."



Kate snuggled closer. "Ill be fine," she said. Hei lips felt stiff and cold. "Ill wash all the woodwork and the tiles in the bathroom. How do people get so involved with each other, for God's sake?"

"I don't know. Are you sorry?"

"You re the best thing that ever happened to me."

"Then I'm glad," Erika said. She took Kate's hand in her own and began to stroke her arm gently. "I'm not going to ask you to make any promises, I don t ever want to do that. But if something goes wrong for you, will you remember how much I love you? 9 '

"And when I get back, we'll celebrate."

"How?"

Erika pulled her closer, making a place against her shoulder for Kate's head. "It's funny," Kate said, "I'm taller than you are, but my head exactly fits your shoulder."

"We belong together."

"How will we celebrate?"

"Oh," Erika said, smiling. "Well think of something. Anything you want, any way you want it."

Kate shut her eyes. "I wish it was Monday night right now," she said in a whisper. "I wish you didn't have to go."





CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

She drew a red circle around Monday's date on the kitchen calendar and stood scowling at it as though it were an enemy. The room was too quiet. There was a single used cup in the sink. In the closet Erika's warm coat hung beside her slacks and shirts, with empty hangers between. The clock on the bedside table ticked slowly.

Damn, Kate thought. She picked up the dishtowel she had tossed on the drainboard, hung it on its hook and looked around the neat little kitchen. There was nothing to do. Even Erika couldn't have put things in better order. The window sills and baseboards shone damply. Tomorrow 111 get at the windows, she promised herself. That's a good hard job and takes lots of time.

She wandered into the living room and picked up the book Erika had been reading, but the words didn't seem to make sense—she couldn't concentrate on their meaning. Friday night, of course, and she had been working since five-thirty. The girls at the office deplored Friday night's tiredness. "I fell into bed before I even did the dishes. I fell asleep watching television." You had a right to be tired and depressed on Friday night, didn't you?

But for her and Erika it was the best part of the week.

She turned the radio dial from station to station, finding nothing she wanted to listen to. Then she



washed her face and hands, changed back into her office clothes and went out into the street. I need a good meal, she thought. That's what's the matter.

On an impulse, she took a bus into the shopping area and went to the cafe where Erika had taken her the night before they moved. It was busier tonight, filled with husband-and-wife couples eating out because it was the end of the week for them too and everyone was too tired to buy food and cook it There were also two white-haired women who might have been librarians and a couple of high-school girls. Everybody has somebody, Kate thought. She sat down and pretended to read the menu.

Working girls are always bitching because they never have any spare time, she thought, and when they get some they don't know what to do with it. I could go to the laundry. That would take a good hour and a half.

A pleasant voice said, "Hi." Her heart sank. She couldn't get away. She tried to smile bade at Doug Martin. "Hi, yourself."

"Mind if I sit down here? Or are you expecting someone?"

"Of course, sit down."

"Erika get away all right?"

"She went straight from school. How did you—"

"She told me she was going. Summer school, huh?"

She knew better, damn it. Kate clenched her hands in hopeless anger under the edge of the table. She knows I don't want him hanging around. Him least of all.

"Feel like going to a movie after we eat?"

"I'm sorry, I just washed all the woodwork in the



kitchen and I have dishpan hands and an aching back"

"I bet." He had a pleasant laugh. Well, she admitted in all fairness, he was a pleasant person. It was too bad she couldn't like him. He said, "If you haven't ordered, why don't we cut out and buy some stuff and take it up to your place? I'm tired of restaurant meals."

She weighed the suggestion. It would mean not having to spend the evening alone. And it was time she got over this nonsense. Erika would be pleased with her for being so sensible. She said, "All right, if you'll let me pay for half."

"Well settle that later. Come on, she's found out we're here."

They went out laughing, leaving the waitress looking indignant. "Thinks we're using her high-class eatery for a place of assignation," Doug said. "What do you like—pastrami, salami, stinky cheese?"

"Anything, only for heaven's sake don't buy the place out."

But when he came out of the delicatessen his arms were piled. She caught a slipping bag. "Good God, you shouldn't be let loose in a grocery store."

"Lady, you don't know what an appetite I have. Besides, it's after nine and I haven t had lunch yet"

She giggled. "Neither have I."

"Here, have a slice of Swiss cheese. It's filling. Do you have a can opener?"

"How do you think I keep house?"

It was going to be all right. She felt more cheerful, walking up the stairs beside him, fitting her key into the door. "Make yourself at home. Til be right back."

She turned on the bedroom light, ran a comb



through her hair and put on a dab of Erika's lipstick, which she had forgotten to take along. It was the wrong color, but it made her feel closer to Erika. Every time the clock ticks makes it that much closer to Monday night.

He had unpacked everything and spread it out on the kitchen table. She reached for the coffeepot and began spooning coffee into the metal basket. "Real cream," she said. "Do you use cream? I thought you took it black."

"I do. Bought it for you."

"But I take mine black too. What will we do with it?"

"Find a homeless cat," Doug suggested. "I don't know what happened. Everything went black—and when I came to, there I was with all this junk. Here, have an olive. They've got almonds in them."

He beamed at her, cobbling together an immense Dagwood sandwich with cold meat, cheese, slices of pickle, and a ragged bit of tomato. "Isn't this fun?"

Tm dying of hunger."

"You know, I haven't called or anything because Td about made up my mind you didn't like me."

"That's silly. I like you all right."

"That's not much of a compliment, but it'll do for a start" He picked up the paring knife and looked intently at it "That time you said you'd go to the movies with me, in the winter—Erika called up and said you had the flu. But you went to work the next day." He grinned, looking embarrassed. "I called up and asked your office manager. I thought maybe you didn't like me and didn't know how to tell me."

She decided the truth was best, or as much of the truth as was safe to tell. "I was drunk."



"Oh." He didn't know how to answer. Encouraged, she went on to shock him more. Tm a compulsive drinker. Maybe Erika told you."

"I knew there was something. I didn't know it was that serious." He looked at her. "You know Erika's not a talker. I've never heard her repeat a word of gossip, and she almost never says anything about herself. She's a great girl, but I don't feel I know her very well"

And you never will, Kate promised him silently. She said in haste, "I don't do it very often. Only once in a while, when I can't help it." She hated herself for sounding defensive. "At least I don't get drunk in taverns and make a public fool of myself."

"Must be great for Erika. Have you talked to a doo tor about it? They give you vitamins and stuff."

Everybody kept sending her to doctors. What was all this mania for doctors? "I was in analysis for more than a year. It cost a lot and it didn't do any good."

He let that pass. "How about AA?"

"I've read their literature. They help a lot of people—but there's nothing in it for me." She frowned. "Look, do we have to go through all this? Do you have to reform people all the time?"

"In plain English... Martin, mind your own business."

"Well, yes."

Doug reached for two more slices of ham and began concocting a sandwich for her. "I sort of like you," he said, keeping his voice casual. "I've been wanting to see more of you ever since that first evening. I did ask Erika if you were going with anybody, seriously I mean, and she said no. You don't date very much, do you?"



"No, not very much."

"I can understand it in Erika. She's sort of austere.* Kate smothered her smile. Austere like a volcano, a comet, a firecracker. For the moment the reality of Erika filled the room. Then she was gone again.

Doug was unaware that anything had happened. He poured ketchup on a slice of meat and fitted on the top slice of bread, holding the whole thing carefully so it wouldn't come apart. "Well, anyway I think you're kind of nice. Would you have a date with me some evening?"

"Well—I don't like to plan too far ahead." "How about Monday night?" "Not then. Maybe some other time." The old panic was beginning to rise in her. She jumped up and went to the stove, turned down the burner under the coffee and stood looking as though hypnotized at the shiny percolator. Almost ten o'clock, Friday night. Seventy hours or more until Erika would be home. She began to feel that she would gladly he awake and lonesome all that time, counting off the minutes and seconds, if she could get this man out of her kitchen. Her head was beginning to ache.

Doug set down his sandwich, and came to stand behind her at the stove. She was afraid to turn around and look at him. She bent to touch the percolator. He moved closer. His arms came around her from behind, his big warm hands pressing against her waist just below the swell of her bosom. His body felt hard and hot against her—male, strange, foreign to her. He smelled of cigarettes and shaving lotion and some indescribable male blend of skin and hair



and excitement. She became aware that he was aroused.

She struggled to pull away. He held her tight. He said casually, Tm not going to do anything to you, silly, I just want to kiss you."

She said sharply, "Don t! Paul, don t do that!"



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Because rr had all happened before. In the split second they stood there, Kate pinioned from behind by Doug's arms, his face contorted with astonishment, she knew what had happened. And where, and how. She was in two places at once, here in the kitchen, and in the haymow back home. She could see the brick side of the apartment building next door and at the same time, superimposed on it, like a film twice exposed, the shadowed dimness of her hiding-place, with the long slanted rays of the late afternoon sun coming in the little high window.

She could smell the dry sweet scent of the hay and feel the sharp prickles where the stem ends pressed into her bare arms and legs. Her chest throbbed where the razor strap had fallen, and her muscles were stiff from the whipping and from sleep. Her eyes were swollen and sore. She sat crouched in a corner, arms wrapped around her knees, her heart thumping with the nearness of discovery. The dread of it and the wish for it.

He opened the barn door and came in, pausing, looking around. She heard the soft thud of bare feet on the wooden floor. There was a moment's silence. Then he began to climb the ladder into the loft. She waited. His head appeared above the top rung, the curly chestnut-bright hair with the cowlick she liked to tease him about. In the gathering dusk his face looked younger than fifteen, and scared.



"Kate, you up here?"

Tm not coming down.*

"Ma's worried about you."

"Let her worry, then. Why don't she ever take up for us kids? Why does she let him slam us around like this?"

"Aw, Katie, you know she can't do nothin'. He'd whup her if she tried to." Paul swung himself up into the loft and came toward her, walking unsteadily on the soft piled hay. He looked skinny and uncertain in his patched jeans and flapping shirttail, his eyes wide open, like a cats, against the gloom. "I aim to kill him soon's I get big enough."

"Ill help you. I'd like to kill him myself, the mean oY bastard."

Paul's eyes narrowed. "Did he hurt you bad?"

"Just about killed me, I guess."

"Where does it hurt?"

She was silent, ashamed. There were places you weren't supposed to show a boy or talk to him about, not even when it was Paul—just like there were things boys weren't supposed to let girls know about Ma had impressed that on her when she was a little tiny thing. Some parts of your body are dirty. You didn't let anyone see them, or even touch them yourself except when you were taking a bath. Never, even, when you were lying in bed at night waiting to go to sleep—no matter how good it felt. Most of all, you never let a boy touch you there. Not even Paul, who crawled into bed with you when lightning snaked across the sky (and Pa would have killed them both if he'd known but she didn't care, she felt strong and brave when she was comforting Paul).

But there was blood on the front of her dress



where the cuts had trickled down, and there were the ripped places where the leather lash had cut the material. Paul looked, his eyes widening. He reached out a shaking hand, then pulled it back. "Gosh, it looks awful."

"It hurts awful." Lets see.

He pulled down the front of her dress, the thin fabric tearing in his fingers. It was all she could do to keep from whimpering when he touched the cuts, crusting over now with stiffening blood. Then his fingers moved, touching the little pink buttons she was both proud and ashamed of. "You're getting all swole up here, Katie."

"I know. That means I'm growin up."

"Me too."

"Boys don't get big chests when they grow up, silly."

"No, but they have other things."

They looked at each other, feeling suddenly strange and shy—fascinated, too scared to go farther but pushed by a new and strangely wonderful compulsion.

"Katie—"

"What?"

"Ill show you if youll show me."

She had never seen him entirely undressed, not i even when they were both little. She forgot her hurts, which were now beginning to leak blood again, as she leaned to put her hand where he was guiding it. For a moment they looked at each other, asking and answering without words, eager and frightened.

Then everything happened at once. He was lying on top of her, and she was hurting, not only in the



places where Pa had whipped her but in that other place that was so bad you must never even touch it. It was like being split in two. She lay smothered and hurting, hardly able to breathe because his body rested so heavily on her. And then he rolled off and sat beside her in the hay, crying, with his nose running and the tears sliding down his cheeks. He was unable to look at her.

"Paul, what did you do?"

She knew—and yet she didn't know. She had seen and heard the barn cats yowling under the windows at night, and the hogs at mating time. With Paul and the Hansen kids she had risked a thrashing by hiding in the corncrib v/hen Pa took Betsy over to the Hansens* stallion. Was this the way people did it? Was this what married people did in bed at night? If you said a thing out loud it was so—it had really happened. She was afraid to ask.

"I'm sorry, kid."

His voice was choked with crying. He rubbed his eyes, and there were dirty finger marks on his cheeks. He turned away. "Seemed like I couldn't help it It was my fault."

"It was both our fault. I couldn't help it either."

And that was true. Even when it was hurting the worst, it was like something was pushing her so she couldn't stop.

"It's a terrible sin," Paul said dismally. He wiped his nose on his cut-off sleeve and fumbled at fixing his clothes, looking the other way.

"Pa would kill us both."

"Never tell anybody," Paid said sternly. "It would be awful if anybody found out. Like when Marie Pierce had the baby, remember?"



The most terrible thought struck her now. She grabbed his arm. "You reckon I can get a baby from this?"

Even in the dimness of the haymow, she saw him turn pale. His cheeks were so white the freckles stood out in relief. He opened his mouth, but no words came out. Frantic with fear, she shook him. "Can I, though?"

"W-well, that's how they get started. That's what they do. Don't you even know that, for cripes sake?"

"Sure I know it. But can you when it's your broth-err

"They breed cows with their relations," Paid said uncertainly. He cleared his throat. "I don't know for sure about people. Anyhow, maybe you're not old enough."

That was some comfort, but not much. The burden of her maturing bosom was on her. Paul said, "I never heard of anybody having a baby when they were twelve years old."

"Thirteen. They do in India. Says so in the geography."

They sat side by side in shared misery until Ma's querulous voice came drifting across the barnyard. "Paul! Pau-aul! I might as well go myself as send that boy, he's as bad as she is."

Paul moved to get up. "You better wait till I get back to the house. Then come in the back way and get your supper."

Tm not hungry, she thought, Til never eat again.

The haymow, a place where she'd played all her life, a place where she had gone to be by herself, had become a place of nameless evil. The scratching of a mouse in the wall made her jump. She sat there



with her misery like a heavy lump of dough in the pit of her stomach, certain now that a baby had really started growing inside her. She could almost feel it there.

After a few minutes, shaky and sick to her stomach, she managed to get down the ladder. Her sweat-clammy hands slipped near the bottom and she landed in a huddle on the soft down hay and lay there until she stopped shaking. Then she walked slowly up to the house, tear-swollen, blood-streaked and sick, trying to hold what was left of her dress around her chest and shoulders.

"He did a good job, didn't he?" Ma's voice was dull. Her eyes were empty, as though years of submission and hard work had drained her of pity, even for her own children. With the work always at her back, she had developed the forward-leaning stoop of one pushed by a strong wind. "You go lay down. Ill bring you some salve."

Kate wanted to tell her the truth, but it was impossible. In the bedroom she shared with her sister, she tore off the rags of her dress and threw them into a corner, then got into something clean as fast as she could, so she wouldn't have to look at her own body.

She lay awake a long time that night, looking into the dark, hearing Martha's innocent breathing from the other side of the bed, listening to Pa's rasping snore and Ma's exhausted sighing in the next room. Moonlight lay across the floor. She knew that downstairs, in the little room off the kitchen, Paul lay sick with fright and not knowing what to do.

I wish I could die, she thought. Death had never seemed real to her before. It was something that happened to old people, like grandparents—or to



neighbors you didn't know very well. She was safe from it for an endless time, at least another sixty or seventy years. Now it looked like even dying, however strange and terrifying, would be better than the awful thing that had happened to her and the more awful thing that was going to happen.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

"Well," Doug Mabtin said. He dropped his hands and took a step backward so that their bodies were no longer touching. "Who in hell is this Paul? He must have made quite an impression on you."

She shook her head, staring at him.

Tm sorry, kid. I didn't mean to scare you. I wasn't going to attack you or anything—what kind of a guy do you think I am, for Christ's sake? Haven't you ever been kissed before?"

"Yes," Kate said. Her lips felt stiff, the words came out in a thin whisper. "It's just—you look like somebody I used to know."

He looked at her, puzzled and worried. Her face was blank, her pupils pinpointed. Trauma, he thought. I don't know what the hell goes on around here, but something has scared the life out of her. He looked around the quiet, brightly lighted kitchen, finding nothing to account for the violence of her reaction.

"Look," he said carefully, "I'm not going to hurt you. You better come in the other room and sit down." Or lie down, he thought, but had enough sense not to say so—she'd think he was trying to rape her for sure. He forced himself to smile, his arms hanging at his sides. "I won't touch you, I promise. Can I get you an aspirin or something?"

She shook her head.



"You want me to go home? I will, only I don't think you're in any shape to be alone."

"Please go away."

"Shall I call a girl friend or somebody to come and sit with you?"

"Just go."

"Okay. But will you call me if there's anything I can do?"

She nodded. Her entire body was filled with a screaming need to get him out of there—to lock the door and shut herself away from everything. She said, "Please go away."

She stood in the doorway and watched him leave; even raised a slack hand to answer his wave when he turned at the bend of the stairs. Oh, go, go, be gone!

She went back into the apartment, locked and chain-bolted the door, and sat down on the edge of the bed with her head bent.

Maybe it's not true, she thought. Maybe it was all a dream. Or maybe I've gone crazy.

But she knew it was true. The details were as sharp and bright as if it had just happened, and now the rest of it was coming back. The part that she never remembered because she always woke too soon.

She had lain awake most of that night, falling into a heavy black sleep near morning but waking early because it hurt so badly when she tried to turn over. She got up and went downstairs for breakfast. What else could she do? Everything in the house looked the same. Things should have changed—it wasn't the same world to which she'd waked the day before. But there was the same old oilcloth on the kitchen table, with faded bunches of blue grapes on it. There



was Ma stooped over the stove making pancakes, bent a little to ease the rheumatism in her right hip. How could everything go on looking the same when so much had happened to her?

It was her first realization that she, Kate, wasn't the center of the universe.

She still couldn't understand, now that she had started looking back over the accumulated impressions of years, why nobody had noticed anything. The days dragged along one after another, and she felt she was walking in her sleep, walking in a nightmare that had been going on since before the beginning of time and had no end. There was the exhausted sinking to sleep every night and the waking to terror every morning. The unasked questions. How did you know if you were getting a baby? She had seen neighbor women rounding up and swelling out—but she had heard, too, the guesses about wives who were still board-thin. How did you know in the beginning? Would other people know before she found out what was happening to her?

Then the scary thing happened to her. At first she thought it was part of having a baby. Or maybe it was a punishment, something terrible that was the matter because of what she had done. Maybe God hated her and made this happen so she would be ashamed and guilty in front of everybody. It scared her so much that on the second day she told Ma about it. She had to, even if it meant Pa would beat her to death—and Paul, too.

Ma was as embarrassed as she was, but she didn't seem to think anybody was to blame. She explained that this happened to all girls when they started to grow up and become young ladies. Kate would un-



derstand it better when she got older. "You must never let a boy touch you in a way that isn't nice," she said, not looking at Kate, "because after this happens, you might get in trouble and have a baby. Young people are tempted sometimes—"

"Not before it happens?"

"No, why?"

"I just wondered."

She felt weak and shaky. All the furniture in the room looked dim and far away. She started to cry. Ma frowned at her. "Don't be silly. It's nothing to make a fuss over. Just remember it's not nice to talk about it. Now come on and I'll give you some things to use."

She was saved. She felt the same hollow lurching feeling that had hit her when Martha pulled a chair out from under her, once.

The grown-up Kate stood up, moved mechanically to the window and looked out at the vague shapes in the night. Nothing to look at, she thought, catching at anything that might turn her thoughts away from that troubled child. But they kept on, blinding her to the world beyond the window.

So that's it

How did I forget it for so long?

Liebermann told you, remember? The last time you went—the time before you had to quit going. When a thing gets to be more than you can bear, you push it into the back of your mind and forget about it. People forget what they want to forget. But it's there all the time, waiting for you to open the door on it.

Paul.

Now all the missing pieces fell into place. The



puzzle was complete. The weight of memory lay as heavily on her as the weight of Paul's adolescent body had lain. Her mind turned to Paul and would not be moved. More than anything in the world, she wanted to run to Paul and tell him it was all right-he could lay down the burden of his guilt and she would pick it up.

It was too late. Now Paul was as dead as the man he had shot. Was that man a substitute for Pa? Had he kept on trying to kill Pa even after his actual death, to be free of him at last? Or had he seen himself reflected in the unknowing eyes of another man and tried to end this horrid reminder with a bullet?

She would never know.

It was her fault, the fault of that scared and shaking little girl, that Paul had drawn a gun. Why had he been carrying a gun in the first place? For rats and weasels, maybe, as any farmer might whose chickens had been raided. But Paul wasn't farming then—he was living alone in a shack like some crazy old hermit, even though he was still a young man in his twenties. Was he crazy? Did he have a deep idea that he might someday be called on to kill another man and so blast out of existence something that he hated in himself? And how had he recognized his victim?

Was it her fault?

There was no way to find out now, and nothing to do about it even if she knew. The hollow gray man behind prison bars was not the little brother who had slipped into her bed so long ago. Nor was he the growing-up Paul who had searched for and found in her growing child's body his first answer to the dark adult riddle of sex. That boy was gone.



/ wish to heaven Td died coming down from that haymow, she thought in a burst of futile anger. It would have saved everybody a lot of bother.

She began to walk back and forth, faster and faster, detouring around chairs without seeing them. Cross the floor, turn... cross the floor again, turn, like the lion in his cage, captive but not resigned to the bars.

Oh God, why cant I die? The old answer clamored to be let in.

She went to the kitchen and threw the cupboard door open, knowing there was no bottle but hoping one might have appeared There was no bottle. Clean plates looked down at her with bland faces.

The scraps and leavings of the meal Doug Martin had provided still littered the kitchen table. Automatically, without knowing what she was doing, she stacked the unused dishes and carried them to the sink, put the cold meat and cheese and all the rest in the refrigerator, knowing she would never be able to eat any of it. A paring knife lay on the drainboard. She picked it up and stood with it in her hand, looking at it

Cut your wrists, thafs the easiest way. She pricked the thin skin over the throbbing blue vein in her left wrist The pain was slight, but she flinched away from it

She wasn't brave enough to kill herself sober. She would have offered a willing breast if someone else had threatened her with gun or knife, but she lacked the courage to do anything so final to herself.

Perhaps if she had a drink or two, just enough to put some distance between her and what she was doing, not enough to make her fumble.



There had been the business of the sleeping pills, seeming easy at the time because she had had a few drinks and nothing mattered. It was like watching a movie starring someone else. She almost laughed out loud at the corny plot as she poured the last of the little white pellets into her hand and gulped them down, with a good chaser of Scotch. The drunk to end all drunks—make it a good one. How was I to know about taking an overdose? How could I know that alcohol makes you throw up barbiturates? Jeezus, I never have any luck.

How could she know the stupid landlady would hear her fall, find the empty bottle and call the cops? But she knew, too, that she had made sure of the woman's return from shopping before she took the pills, telling herself it was too lonesome dying in an empty house. Fake, she thought.

This time I wont make any noise.

She opened the closet door and stood vaguely looking at the double row of hangers. Erika's loden coat was there. She hid her face in it. It smelled of fresh air and Erika—soap and water and the clean fragrance of her hair. For a moment it was almost as though Erika were there. Tears of pity for Erika came to her eyes. She's going to feel terrible when she comes home and finds me dead, Kate told herself.

She blew her nose, frowning. Erika was strong. She had lived through a lot of things, and she would live through this too. I'd have to tell her, Kate thought, and she wouldn't love me any more. Nobody would love me who knew.

It was too warm for a coat, and the loden coat was too short and tight—she was bigger than Erika. She put it on anyway and stood looking around the room



while she tried to button it. An impossible chore. She grabbed her purse from the dresser and rushed out into the street, leaving the apartment door and house door both ajar.

The traffic was thick now—people leaving town for the weekend, families coming home from dinner or the early show. She stood on the curb, lightheaded from shock and tears but keeping her mind fixed firmly on her destination. Half a block away, the traffic light blinked from amber to red.

Got to get to the drugstore while the liquor department is still open. She waited for a gap in the traffic, and plunged into the street.

The car grew bigger and bigger as it sped toward her. She stood looking from side to side, frozen to the pavement. It was like the dreams where the black stallion had chased her. Then there was a gigantic explosion in her ears, and then nothing.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

She must have been awake before, because she had a feeling of time passing. The room, when she finally pried her eyes open, was not wholly strange. She knew the leaf-and-flower design of the window curtains and the austere tan screen that stood beside the bed to shut off the rest of the room. The texture of the pillowcase under her cheek, rougher than any she and Erika owned, was familiar too.

She was tired of lying on her back. Her muscles felt cramped. She wanted to roll over on her side, pull up her knees and go back to sleep. Also, something was hurting her arm. She brushed at the hurt, but it didn't go away. Nor could she turn over.

She focused her eyes and found herself in a room with green-painted walls, or rather in part of one. The wall went on beyond the screen and there was the foot of a crank-up bed in sight. She decided at once, proud of herself for being so bright, that she was in a hospital and this was what they called a semi-private room, a silly name for it—you were either private or not. The position she lay in was silly too, flat on her back with her right leg suspended from the ceiling in a kind of sling regulated by a complication of hooks and pulleys, like something in the comic strips.

She was thirsty—her mouth felt dry and fuzzy. And she couldn't lift her arm. It was fastened to the bed, on the stand beside her—she could turn her head far



enough to see—was an arrangement of tubes and bottles in a contraption-like an old-fashioned hall rack. A piece of rubber tubing ran to her right arm. That's where the pain was. She moved again, and decided that she was bruised in several places. Her bead ached sickeningly.

Pa had whipped her. She remembered now. She tried to speak, to tell someone what had happened, but the words came out thick and meaningless.

The white cap was balanced over a face like that of a kind sheep, eyes puzzled but well-meaning, with several hanging chins. Kate closed her eyes so she wouldn't have to look at it. "He hit me," she said in a hoarse whisper. "With a strap."

"You were knocked down by a car," the sheep said. She sounded severe, as though Kate had been thoughtless. People ought to be more careful. "Don't try to talk now."

There was something she was supposed to remember, but it was getting away from her. She turned her head as far as she could, looking for a clue. The walls and curtain were as she remembered them. There was a lumpy bouquet in a green glass vase on the dresser. On the windowsill stood a tray with a water glass, a thermometer in a covered glass jar, and a small tumbler of some orange-pink liquid. It was a hospital all right, but what had happened?

Panic seized her. Maybe I'm going to die, she thought, trying to sit up and getting dizzy. The words echoed through her mind with a familiar sound. Often and bitterly, going down into the swirling dark that preceded unconsciousness, she had wanted to die. Had begged an unlistening God to let her die, thinking she meant it. Now that she might actually



be getting what she had asked for, every cell in her body stirred in anxious protest. I won't die, she thought angrily, ready to cry out to anybody who might be listening. But the sheep had gone away. The words went unsaid.

Another nurse came in, nylon skirt whispering, her flat white shoes soundless. Kate lay still, avoiding any movement that would jar her into pain. She was beginning to remember. Paul had kissed her—no, it was Douglas Martin. Or were they the same person? There was something she had been trying to remember for a long time.

Ah!

Like sunlight pouring in when a shade is suddenly raised, total recall struck—and left her stunned. Hie dream! Incomplete no longer, it played through to the end this time, not half so terrifying now that she knew the finish. Paul, she thought for the millionth time. The long miles, the gray walls and steel bars that were between them. And the years. She could never reach him.

The sheep-nurse rustled back in, followed by a young man in a white tunic. He took her wrist in his dry fingers. "How do you feel?"

"Thirsty."

"You can have some ice to suck."

She looked sourly at the sliver the nurse brought. She wanted a gallon of water—she felt as though her thirst would never be satisfied. But the sliver turned out to be more than she could handle after the first wonderful shock of wet cold. She opened her mouth and allowed it to be taken away.

"Feel better now?"

"Fine."



The nurse's face was doubtful. "A Miss Frohmann is here. Do you feel like seeing her?"

She had forgotten Erika. Reassurance flooded her like air rushing into a starving lung. "Yes."

Erika stood in the doorway, looking formal and strange. She was wearing a hat, a little flat thing with no trimming. Kate had never seen her in a hat, except for the knitted cap she wore in winter. She had bought a new lipstick. Kate felt shy. Then their eyes met and everything was all right again. She smiled, feeling her dry lips stretch and crack.

"Don't stay too long," the doctor said. He got up, loose-jointed and serious, and went out, beckoning the nurse to follow him. The door closed behind them.

Erika said, "Hi."

"Erik, I don t want to die."

"You re not going to die, stupid. I wouldn't let you."

"Used to talk about it. I didn't know what it was like."

Erika's hand lay lightly on hers. "That's all over," she said positively.

The woman on the other bed lay under a motionless hump of blankets. Erika bent to kiss Kate's cheek. "Apparently you walked in front of a car. Sounds kind of silly."

"On my way to the store." Kate shut her eyes, reliving the thunderous impact and the hurtling into an oblivion split with red streaks of pain. She had waked in an ambulance—she was beginning to remember now—after one glimpse of its constricted walls the pain knocked her out again.

"Don't think about it now. It's all over."



»



"I want to tell you/*

"Later. It doesn't make any real difference as long as you re all right"

"Not like that" She was too tired to explain. "Am 1 hurt much?"

"Not too much. That's a good doctor they gave you. Most of them keep everything a secret, and you can lie there and worry. No, your leg's broken, a nice clean fracture with no messy splinters. Youll be on crutches for a while. Also you have some cracked ribs. It will hurt like hell when they take off the tape. You're getting glucose for shock."

"It makes my arm hurt"

"Of course. They'll take it out pretty soon. You'll be able to travel by the time school starts," Erika said briskly, "and if you're not, I'll stay here—go next year instead. I can arrange it"

"You can go without me."

"Crazy."

The room was looking funny again. She smiled apologetically. "Sleepy. You're better than pills."

"Thanks."

"Erik, I found out. The real answer."

"Tell me later. Everything will be all right"

"I know."

"Then go to sleep."

She fell asleep smiling, with her fingers curled around Erika's thumb.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

"It look s just the same," Kate said in wonder. She looked around Dr. Liebermann's office, recognizing with pleasure the shabby imitation leather couch, the deep sagging chair where she had sat for her interviews, the pregnant African figurine on the desk. The dust on the medical books seemed thicker. "You haven t changed either. 99

"A little older, a little more shabby, like the rest of the furniture," he said smiling. It was a good smile, raying out from deep-creased eyes. "Minna still raises hell about the way I drop ashes down my front, but then, I have more front than I used to."

"You look fine."

"You know your friend came to see me?"

"And now I suppose you want to cure me of her," Kate said bitterly. "That's why you called me up?"

"Not if you're happy. People have some strange ideas about this love business," Dr. Liebermann said. "As if we wanted to make everybody alike. As if the medical books had a blueprint labelled normal' and everyone must look like it I've lived sixty-five years, Katie, I've seen 'em come and I've seen 'em go, and I've never yet seen a normal person. Not one."

"Everybody seems to think men should like women, and vice versa."

"I have to admit I've always found that a good' working arrangement, myself." His smile deepened..



"It keeps the human race going—maybe that's not so good, all this overpopulation? You know, Kate, people have all lands of feelings they won't admit, even to themselves. Every mother is a little bit in love with her son, for example, and fathers are so jealous of their daughter's boyfriends. There are no absolutes. Unless you believe in God, which I admit begins to seem more intelligent as I get older, but you and I are not required to be God."

"But suppose I fall in love with a man someday?*

"Suppose you fall in love with another girl—what's the difference? Katie, what is all this someday? Look at today. Don't wear yourself out worrying about tomorrow."

"But suppose I did?"

Dr. Liebermann lit a cigar. "I smoke too much. What's all this about a man? Some special man?"

"No, but Erika says—"

"If it happens, bring him to meet me. Or her.*

"You don't think there's something " Kate hes*

itated—"wrong with me because I feel this way about Erika?"

"If you love someone, you're lucky. The world is full of lonesome people."

Kate nodded. Tm sure about how I feel. Before, it was mostly because I needed someone. Now I'm more of a person—at least I think I am. We're equal now."

"No more nightmares?"

"Not yet."

Dr. Liebermann stood up. "You'll be all right,"

he told her seriously, offering her (for the first

time) the handshake of a friend, not that of a doctor

i extended in strength and comfort but the hand of



one comrade held out to another. She took it warmly, "You may still have some bad times, but the worst is over."

Tm still guilty."

"You accept it?"

"Yes."

"So. Come back and see me if you need to. Or stop in and say hello once in a while, anyway."

The elevator flew down like a bird. The same elevator that used to close around her like a trap.

A slender fair-haired girl stood just outside the door of the office building, her back to the elevators. She was watching the passers-by, but waiting was in every line of her back and shoulders. Kate smiled. Stubborn little donkey. She wouldn't come with me, but I bet she caught the next bus.

She crossed the lobby, shoved the revolving door and came to a stop beside Erika. "Waiting for somebody?"

The face that turned to her was white. There were tears in Erika's eyes.

The first time, Kate thought. The very first time she ever needed me. She stood still for a moment, until she could be sure of her voice. Then she took a wrinkled tissue from her pocket and handed it to Erika.

"Blow your nose," she said. "There's nothing to bawl about. Everything is going to be all right."

