Chapter 1

"Announcing the arrival of Her Majesty, Princess Schnee."

For the fifth time that day, Weiss Schnee tried to walk as fast as she could past the rough girls who hung out in front of locker 134. The Dragons , whispers in the cafeteria had informed her. They were always there, always dressed in matching black leather jackets with yellow stripes down the sleeves, and always said uncouth things about most of the "nice girls" in school. She knew they were just ignorant and poor, and clearly had no idea what they were talking about. Her parents had told her as much, and she always trusted her parents. Why would they ever steer her wrong?

However, the stares from the blonde with the vaguely Asian features were different. Sure, the brunette with the flaming eyes and the one in the beret and aviator sunglasses just jeered and flipped her off, yelled things or giggled along with the rest. The amber-eyed vixen blew a cheeky kiss. But the expression of the one with such long, luxurious blonde hair was almost captivated. Obsessed. That look got to her, even if she couldn't figure out why.

"Gonna get you, Schnee," she catcalled again, causing her other four or five associates to burst out laughing. But she wasn't laughing - just grinning darkly. "Gonna get you, get you, GET youuuuu..."

"You will not!" Weiss finally snapped. This had been going on for over a week and she had reached her limit. The clique looked vaguely surprised she had spoken up, waiting to hear more. "You'll show me the respect I deserve as a fellow human being, you... you BRUTE!"

The others started going "WOOOOOO", but the ringleader - Weiss was only guessing, she didn't know the first thing about gangs - ignored them and walked right up to her, away from the pack. She stood her ground, even though she could feel her heart thudding up into her throat in terror the closer she got.

"You want me to be a brute," she growled in a low voice - one for just the two of them. "You like it."

"No, I… don't be a pest. I want you to leave me alone. All of you!"

"They will. If you let me be a brute to you. Just me."

Blinking, she took a slight step back. "Wh-what on earth are you talking about?! No, I don't want anyone to be a brute to me! Go take a long walk off a short pier!"

"Let me. Just once. If you still don't like it... we'll all back off." Her index finger flashed out and ran along the scar on Weiss's cheek, just below her left eye. The one mark disfiguring her otherwise-flawless features. "Yang Xiao Long will make you forget whatever put that on your pretty face, baby."

Weiss felt her stomach disappear. Nobody was impolite enough to comment on her scar - usually. The memory that went along with it always made it hard for her to think, or to respond. "You... w-what... I- that's none of your-"

"Great. Meet me after you get outta cheerleading practice. Parking lot. Don't be late or I'll be rougher... unless that's what you want." Then she waved over her shoulder and went back to her friends as they hooted and stomped their feet, clapping her on the back as if she had accomplished something.

Funny thing was, she might really have. As Weiss hurried on to class, she realised she was probably going to do exactly what the Dragon called Yang asked. And she didn't understand why.



* * *





"You came."

All of Weiss's books were pressed to her chest protectively as she glanced around the bustling car park. It was a security blanket measure - a shield that gave her a false sense of safety. "I did. You, um... you said you'd leave me alone if I don't like, um, whatever it is you're going to do, so j-just get it over with."

"Not so fast," the blonde hoodlum said as she sat on her motorcycle. All of her "girls" had one, but the other bikes were gone; she had told them to take off without her, apparently. "Hop on."

"No."

Yang's eyebrows went up. "Little Miss Schnee, what can the matter be?"

"I'm not going anywhere with you ."

"Ohhhh. You sure about that?" Standing up from the leather saddle of her mechanical steed, she slowly paced around behind Weiss, moving with the languid grace of a wild cat stalking its prey. When she had reached her back, she began pushing gently - it wasn't even hard, or "rough" as she had promised earlier. Just a nudging until she was standing up against the metal frame of the Harley.

"You... have a beautiful bike." Why did she say that? There was absolutely no need for her to compliment that delinquent's motorcycle!

"Pretty great, yeah. Needs one more accessory."

Gulping, she tried to look over her shoulder, but Yang was hovering directly in the blind spot behind her head. "And... what is that?"

Strong hands encircled her waist, lifted her easily into the air - and she did yelp, but it was weak, pathetic. She was ashamed of that yelp, and the next one that came when she felt her butt connecting with a leather seat.

"Got it now; a little paper-shaker with baby blue eyes. Perfect ornament."

The hands weren't leaving her hips. Then other hips were pressing into the backs of hers, cold leather grazing her arms and making her shiver. Hot breath on her neck. Her skin crawled even as her heart pounded and her mouth went dry.

"Stop," she begged in a whisper.

"I can't, Schnee. Not until I've been your 'brute', remember? Then I'm gone if you want me gone." Her face leaned over and she gave her a level, penetrating gaze from inches away. "Unless you can't even handle that much."

Why did she find it so hard to say a simple "no" to this woman? Her lips were speaking before she gave them any commands.

"I can handle whatever you got."

Her mouth split into a grin as she reached forward and gripped the handlebars, revving the engine. "Good. I won't hold back."

They peeled out from the curb, and Weiss felt her heart shooting into her throat. She'd never gone so fast before! Surely this wasn't safe, and they had no protective gear! But Yang was completely confident behind her, a warm, solid presence. If she wasn't afraid, then neither was Weiss. Even if she was and just wanted to appear as if she wasn't. However, there was one question filling her mind: where were they going?



* * *





Arriving didn't answer the question at all.

"What... is this place?"

"A bar." After killing the engine, her flaxen-haired captor hopped off her bike, then turned to lift Weiss down. Her hands were like hot vice grips, but were gone just as quickly once she set her down.

"Wait, I'm not- we are not old enough! To go in there, I mean!"

"Relax," she laughed harshly. "They have food, too - and they don't serve kids booze. Even though I've seen Cinder get some under the table before."

Weiss's heart was pounding as she looked up at the dark brown edifice. Smoky windows, bluesy rock music coming from the walls. A sign that said "Junior's" that flashed in pink neon letters above the door - and other neon signs of various colours advertising brands of alcohol. Never in her life had she come within fifty feet of such a place. Her stomach was a mess of butterflies.

The door opened. Two people came out, kissing. Two MEN. One blonde, and one whose hair was the least natural shade of blue she'd ever seen. And they didn't seem to care that two girls were standing around nearby - ones that weren't old enough to drink as much as they probably had.

"C'mon, we'll grab my usual table."

"Oh... okay." And Weiss found herself stumbling along behind her, trying to keep up.

Inside was worse. Dingy floors, bad lighting, and a powerful smell of liquor. The patrons at the bar were all drunk as skunks with an assortment of empty glasses in front of them. The booths and tables were evenly split between people with food and people without. Yang headed straight for one and plunked down, putting both feet up on the seat opposite her so that Weiss had no choice but to squeeze in next to her on the bench.

"Hey," she purred, looping an arm around her back. Weiss only gulped, and she motioned for the waitress to come over. "Two gut busters and an order of fries. Oh, and what do you want to drink? Scotch and soda?"

"Just a soda," she replied meekly while Yang grinned, amused with herself. She hated hearing herself sound so weak, but the waitress - with her muscled arms and no-nonsense attitude - made her feel like making any sudden moves or speaking out of turn would mean her death. She tried again. "Cherry cola."

"Same," Yang said smoothly. "I like cherries." Her designs on Weiss had to be obvious, but the waitress didn't seem to care - and didn't speak. She just wrote down their orders and went into the back.

"Are… you sure the food is… safe for human consumption?"

"Hey, I've been eating here since I was a half-pint. Never did me any harm."

"That's debatable."

The thug's face twisted into a slight sneer. She leaned closer and closer, eyes heavy-lidded and scowling, breath heaving. For a few seconds, Weiss had no idea what she was going to do - hit her? Kiss her? Shove her onto the floor and tell her she was worthless? All the possibilities played out in her mind, and she hated them all. Or didn't. She couldn't be sure, couldn't be sure of anything.

But then Yang grinned and muttered, "I knew I liked you. Like how you stand up to me. Nobody else at school does. Got spunk, and I like it."

"But I don't like it, though. This, this… whatever this is." Breathing shallow and fast, she ignored the two glasses of soda left at their table and kept going, as if she couldn't stop the words from spilling out. "And I don't know what's wrong with me, why I'm here with you, I… I loathe you! Hate everything about you, that smug face, your 'tough girl' act, ALL of it! I can't stand your existence!"

"Really? Why are you here then, if you hate my guts?" Weiss didn't answer, so she leaned in and pressed her lips right up against her ear. Their bodies were so close she could feel the heat pouring off her chest from her low-cut top. "You're curious. And your curiosity is going to get you brute -alized."

The emphasis on the first half of "brutalized" worried her a lot less than if there had been no emphasis at all, but she still was sitting there, biting her bottom lip and trying not to cry or run away, trying not to lash out again for fear of what might happen if she did.

"You like that. Right there." Still whispering, she raised her other hand and began to caress Weiss's shoulder. "You need this feeling. The rush. Pampered little princess like you has never had it before anywhere in your life, and I give it to you, and you hate that I'm where you can get it… but you want the rush more than you want to tell me to get lost."

"M-maybe! Maybe I do, but I hate this, and I hate myself for not hating this enough! Why do you even do this to girls? Why me?! Y-you… you're too…"

The minute the tears were leaking down her cheeks, even though her face barely changed, Yang's hand came up to cup the back of her head and pull her into her shoulder. Weiss clutched at her back as hard as she could, nails digging into the leather. She was surprised at herself for not pushing Yang away - what was the matter with her?

"Alright. Alright, nobody's really hurting you. You're fine. Sorry if I pushed too hard."

"You did! You wanted me to break!"

"Not break. Just... break on through to the other side. The wild side." Pulling back, she wiped the tears away with one thumb - as if she'd done it before. Maybe many times. "Sometimes, you gotta push through the pain to get to the good stuff. Nothing worth having comes for free, right?"

Somehow, even though the "sorry" had seemed insincere at first, the piercing nature of her violet eyes and the way she wasn't blinking, wasn't looking away as she soothed her with well-placed words, convinced Weiss that she might really mean what she said. And the heart in her throat was telling her to trust that. To trust her .

"Really?" Sniffling and hating how she sounded, she shrugged and asked, "What kind of good stuff?"

"Later," she chuckled provocatively. Then her expression softened the slightest amount as she said, "But I bet you're starting to feel better right about... now."

Against all sanity, she was. The brief moment of crying and confrontation had made her a lot less fearful, less ready to snap. She still wasn't sure if she should actually trust a girl like Yang, but she no longer wanted to run screaming to the bathroom and sob into a toilet bowl.

"Yeah. There ya go."

"And there you go," said the waitress in her gruff voice as she put a plate down in front of each of them, and a basket of fries between. Without saying anything else, she left the check on the table and sauntered away.

"Wait until you try these," she said with a little less toughness and a little more earnest excitement. "You'll never go back to Mickey D's again."

"I don't go there in the first place." However, they did look like pretty solid burgers - overflowing with tomatoes and pickles, semi-melted cheese dripping down the bottom bun. She picked hers up to inspect, curling her lip.

"It won't bite. Well... not since yesterday."

Weiss decided to ignore that ominous comment and took a bite. It was every bit as delicious as Yang claimed, though the grease running down her chin made her panic and grab a napkin to catch it before it ruined her clothes. Yang chuckled but didn't mention it otherwise; simply dug into her own food and watched the prim and proper girl feed her face.

"How is it?" she finally asked about halfway through the burger.

"It's… so wrong that it's right."

Grinning wolfishly, she leaned in and took a bite of the other end of the burger - away from Weiss's mouth, but trapping it between them for the briefest of seconds. Pulling back, she chewed and swallowed, then whispered, "Welcome to my world."



* * *





Half an hour later, Yang's motorcycle was growling through the old neighbourhoods, sending echoes off the buildings. Still having no idea where she was being taken, Weiss tried not to act surprised when they pulled up in front of the old abandoned train depot.

"Oh," she breathed when Yang hopped off. "This… is it? Your hideout?"

"That's not how I think of it," she grunted as she helped Weiss down and started toward the broken-down shell of a building. Shifting a couple of boards aside, she managed to edge her way through the door - and her hand remained on the boards for Weiss to step through.

"You can't be serious."

"As a heart attack."

"There are probably a thousand ways to get tetanus in there!" No response. Letting out a frustrated growl, Weiss stomped forward and tried to squirm her way through the opening without letting anything touch her.

All she got for her trouble was a swat on the backside, one that caused her to shriek - and Yang to shriek with laughter. Ignoring that as best she could, she followed her up the nearby set of stairs to the old offices, and through one of the open doorways.

Inside were several old wooden chairs, and a comfortable couch that had seen far better days. On top of the couch was a crisp, clean linen sheet, which helped to lessen her disgust. In addition, there were two tables, the smaller one covered in candles of various sizes. As the sun was just beginning to set, Yang wasted no time taking out a Zippo and lighting them.

"You sure know how to show a girl a good time," Weiss told her, voice heavy with sarcasm.

"We're barely getting started, Schnee," Yang said, turning back to her. When Weiss tensed, she lowered herself down into a bestial stance. "Gonna get you, GET you, GE-"

"STOP THAT." Yang was grinning, but she did stand up from her crouch, one hand on her hip. "Now, I… I don't know what exactly you thought you were going to do with me here, but there's not going to be any-"

Her words cut off when she felt Yang's hands alight upon her hips, thumbs massaging her gently. Dark eyes stabbing down into hers, even though they were barely visible in the low lighting. There had to be words left that could take her out of this situation, that would force the uncouth girl in the leather to release a princess of such high breeding. Why couldn't she think? Why did being this close cloud her brain?

"Any what?" Weiss dropped her gaze, so Yang urged, "Go on."

"Hanky panky."

The leader laughed in her face. Actually laughed, loudly and riotously, and Weiss felt her cheeks colour for an entirely new reason now: embarrassment. "Seriously?! That's how you wanna put it?!"

"Then how would you put it, if you're so, so… well-travelled?!"

One hand reached up to her neck, grabbing it from behind - not just cupping it, but the fingertips digging into either side. Her heart stopped, her stomach tightened into a knot. And before her mind could catch up with current events, Yang was kissing her, pressing hot lips into hers and sliding them across each other, tugging gently at Weiss's lower one. Everything about her body was completely useless as she stood there and took it, as she let this insane event that she could never have envisioned unfold, starring a double of herself who apparently had no willpower at all.

But it felt better than anything she'd ever experienced, even if she hated thinking that. Better than walking in the rain when she was a small child, better than her bed in the morning when she didn't want to get up. Better enough to be the best.

When Yang finally pulled her away with that strong hand, she breathed, "Words... don't really work for that."

Slowly, Weiss's hand came up and brushed her own lips. That really happened. Some girl from her school - some GIRL - had just taken away her first kiss. Maybe it had been perfect in every way other than its origin, but that was still a first she could never do over again.

"Hey, what is it?" Yang asked, eyebrows knitting slightly as she leaned in - and the instant she did, she set off a reaction.

SLAP!

The blonde's eyes were so wide they looked like they might fall out. Hand pressed to her cheek, she slowly turned back to look at Weiss, who was standing there, huffing and puffing with her fists clenched down by her sides, arms straight, blue eyes sparking and jaw clenched.

"You hit me," Yang said in a low voice.

"I did!" she snapped angrily. "Wh… what are you going to do about it, you neanderthal? Push me down? Make me yours, or hurt me, o-or kill me, or what?! I don't care! I'm… I'm not your toy!"

Weiss was fully prepared to bolt from the room at a moment's notice. Yes, she was a cheerleader and a star athlete in physical education class, but she had a feeling that if she got in a fight with Yang, she would lose. And perhaps not survive the encounter.

But she was not prepared for the pain that slowly crept into the thug's face. Revulsion, confusion. Lowering her hand, she did indeed close it into a fist, but what she said was very different from Weiss's expectations.

"You really think… I would ever harm a hair on your head? That I'm that kind of person?"

"How should I know?! All you ever do is say you're going to 'get' me!" Her arms gestured at their surroundings, at the remote and abandoned nature of them. "Well, you have me now! Are you going to finish 'getting' me or not?!"

Then Yang's face started to get more and more angry. She wasn't moving, but she also wasn't saying anything else. More than anything, Weiss found that to be terrifying - because she couldn't figure out what it meant.

Not wasting any more time, she fled out the doorway and down the stairs. Whether she had a ride home or not, she didn't want to spend another moment with the brute. She had done her time.

Of course Weiss expected to hear the racket of the motorcycle coming up from behind. Her insides clenched in fear at the sound, but she'd known it was a possibility.

"GET ON!"

"NO!" she called over without even looking, arms tucked tight around her body. "Leave me alone!"

"I can't, you stupid nitwit! Get on the bike!"

Finally, Weiss's pace slowed and she turned to glare at the blonde, trying to ignore the intensity in her face - to ignore the fullness of the lips that had just done unspeakable things moments ago. "Not going anywhere with you, ever again! You tried to take advantage of me!"

"I did not! I tried to wake you up outta that boring life you have! You're not happy without a little spice - and you know it!" Glancing at the road ahead of her, she repeated, "But this ain't about that! Get on!"

"Never again, okay?! I..." Finally, she stopped, and Yang followed suit. "You shouldn't have done that, you didn't even ask! I'm not a… whatever you are, that isn't me, and you had no right to try to t-turn me into one! And I think you knew that, so you pretending you're not to blame is so childish!"

Her hand reached out for Weiss's forearm. "Schnee-"

"SHUT UP! Don't touch me!" Jerking away, she started to walk again. "Just leave me alone! Go find another target for your candles and your… your advances!"

"This ain't about me!" Vaulting off her bike, she grabbed Weiss from behind. "Get on the bike, right now, you goddamn idiot!"

"WHAT?!" Struggling, she tried to kick Yang - and succeeded. Didn't seem to make a bit of difference. "Let me go! What are you doing - how dare you go any further after I specif-"

"QUIET!" she hissed hard. "You don't want them to hear us!"

"MAYBE I DO! MAYBE I WANT THE WHOLE WORLD TO HEAR ME!"

Losing her patience, Yang spun her around and glared directly into her eyes, talking more quietly than ever. "You don't know where you are, cupcake. This place, it's safe for me. Barely . Not for you. So I'm not letting you out of my sight until you're back in the La La Land you normally call home."

"Excuse me?! I didn't ASK you to protect me!"

"Who cares?" Yang growled. "Doesn't matter if either of us wants that. It's just happening. Get on or I'll literally roll along next to you the whole way, but I promise you're gonna be in a lot more danger the slower we go."

Finally, the fog from the kiss seemed to roll back within Weiss's mind, and she saw how Yang was actually shaking . Not from rage, but from anxiety - from fear on her behalf. This was the first time she had ever looked afraid of anything to her knowledge, and that stopped her from responding with another flippant dismissal.

"You're serious. There are really… this is where a dangerous element hangs out?" A brief nod. "Then why would you bring me here?!"

"Like I said, nobody will scrap with me. They know they'll go down; even if they take me, my girls will come for revenge. On the other hand, a little piece of penny candy like you, walking all by herself? That's no challenge at all." Her hand reached up to Weiss's cheek, but when she saw her flinch she stopped an inch away. "Just... do us both a favour and get on the damn bike. I'll take you home."

The prospect caused Weiss to glare. "You really will? No games, no detours, nothing?"

"Promise."

"Schnees stand by their promises. They also don't forgive people who break them." Glancing over her shoulder at how one of the streetlights was flickering on and off, she took a step toward the bike. "This is your last chance. Don't toy with me."

"Scout's honour." Then she picked Weiss up and sat her on the bike, as before, and slid on behind her. "You better… Yang on tight." The roar of the engine drowned out the sound of Weiss's groan at the horrible line.



* * *





By the time Yang followed Weiss's clipped directions to her house in Atlas Heights - a neighbourhood where Yang's noisy hog was most certainly unwelcome - both of them had calmed down significantly, though there was still a great deal of tension. After helping her down, Yang allowed the engine to idle as she turned to her.

"You stopped a little short," Weiss remarked.

"Wouldn't want your mommy and daddy to see you getting dropped off by me." Reaching down into her saddlebag, she produced Weiss's books and pushed them into her arms gently. "Take it easy, Schnee."

"Wait." Yang didn't say anything or move. "You… I don't know if you were being honest about the danger back there or not. But even if you exaggerated slightly, I guess I appreciate being driven home."

"Believe me, I undersold it. You gotta be tough as nails to hang out in my neck of the woods. The only reason nobody messes with my creampuff little sister is because they know she's my little sister. And the Dragons are always safe, of course."

That made her blink slightly. "You have a little sister?"

"Yeah, she's a junior. Why, that surprise you?" Then she grinned, half-wolfishly but half-wan. "Probably thought I grew out of some kind of tree fungus."

"The possibility had crossed my mind, yes." Biting her lip, she glanced over toward her house, then back. "What happened… in the depot. Why did you have to do it? That was the scariest, most horrible thing that ever happened in my life."

"You liked it." When Weiss ground her teeth together, Yang held up both hands. "Just calling 'em like I see 'em, Princess. If you really didn't want me to kiss you, it never would have happened; you're not some weakling, even if you're not a roughneck like me. So somewhere, deep down, you were at least curious, even if that's all there was to it. And now you satisfied that curiosity. You're welcome."

Weiss wanted to shout at her, to deny everything. But there was no use in delaying the inevitable. "So maybe it did feel good. That does not mean I wanted it with you, and does not mean I want it to happen again, alright?!"

"Fine. It won't." Yang's smile finally faded again. "And I won't bother you again at school; none of the Dragons will. You tried being with a brute, and I think you liked it more than you want to admit… but if you're really done with your test drive, that's cool. Held up your end of the bargain, so I'm not gonna go back on my word."

"Fine. Guess that's honourable of you. See you in class." With that, she turned and walked up the sidewalk.

"Night, Schnee."

But when she got to her door, she couldn't help but look again. Yang was still on her bike, still staring up at the house. Waiting for her to make it safely inside. Her mouth dropped open, but she decided to suppress any and all urges to call out to her, or otherwise alter her course. They had already agreed to leave things that way. So she gave a brief wave and went inside, and that was that.

Except it wasn't. After she had unloaded her books, finished what little homework she had left to do and readied for bed, there was no longer anything to distract her from the intrusive thoughts about Yang's kiss. About how much more exhilarated she had felt than ever before in the entirety of her short life. Against her will and all her best planning, she rolled over and squealed into the pillow at the thought of what had happened.

First kisses always do that to a person.

Chapter 2

The next day, Weiss braced herself as she walked past locker 134. But this time, nothing happened. The Dragons all looked at her, and Yang's expression held a strange mixture of emotions. The others looked a little smug. Still, none of them said a word. The looks on their faces haunted her so badly that she barely noticed what she was doing, stumbling through her day.

"What's the matter with you?"

Glancing up, she flashed a wan smile over at her friend. "Oh… nothing, Pyrrha; it's fine. I just feel a little weird."

"Weird in what way?" Studious as always, Pyrrha Nikos had already taken her notes from the board and was now happy to focus on her friend. What a sweet soul. There was a reason the two had been thick as thieves for so much of their lives.

"Well… I'll tell you at lunch."

So she did. It was hard to get through the rest of class, but she managed, completing her notes even if it took her twice as much effort to concentrate as usual. Then, once they had gained the relative quiet of the cafeteria, she unloaded all her woes onto her friend.

"She kissed you?!"

Face beet red as she tried to focus on her tray of underwhelming school food, Weiss whispered, "Keep your voice down! And… yes."

"But that's…" Glancing very briefly over at the table on the other side of the room, where the Dragons were holding court, the red-haired amazon whispered, "You're both women!"

"Really, Pyrrha? Am I a woman? What gave that away?"

Frowning, Pyrrha looked back down to her tray. "I'm sorry. But I'm not sure what else to say." After a pause, she added, "Did you like it?"

"I… I don't know."

"Really?!" At least she was keeping her voice down now. "Weiss, I thought you were going to tell me that it was disgusting, a-and that you wanted my help reporting her to the authorities!"

"Reporting her for what? Feeding me a cheeseburger and giving me a kiss?"

"Well, when you put it that way…"

The prissy platinum blonde deflated, all fire and vinegar leaving her. "It was nice. But it was also disgusting. Sorry I can't describe it any better than that, because I really don't have any other frame of reference. I've never been kissed by anyone before."

"I've never been kissed by anyone still." Scratching the back of her neck, she reached for her milk carton with her other hand. "But it really wasn't bad? Kissing a woman? I mean, you said 'disgusting' but you also said 'nice', which sounds like… it wasn't the worst thing you've ever experienced."

"It wasn't." The two simple words took a lot more effort to get out than they should have.

"Wow…"

"H-hey, you know that I'm telling you this in confidence, right? Don't go blabbing it around the whole school."

Looking quite offended, Pyrrha urgently hissed, "I would never! You're my best friend! Even if I don't really know how to feel about… well, about this, that doesn't mean I could-"

They were both interrupted by someone bumping into Weiss's back as she walked past. It was one of the Dragons - a dark-skinned girl with vibrant green hair. She didn't even glance back at them, but merely kept walking toward her comrades.

"Rude," Weiss grumbled.

"Hey, what's this?" Pyrrha asked as she bent to the floor. When she straightened back up, she had a folded sheet of notebook paper between her strong-but-dainty fingers.

"I don't know, what is it?"

"She dropped it. Emerald, I mean."

"That's her name? Emerald?" But they were both too curious about the note to focus on the identity of the one who dropped it. There weren't many words to read:

'Princess. Same place same time. Or not.'

Weiss was reading it through again when Pyrrha whispered, "What does it mean? Do you think she… dropped it by you on purpose?"

"I don't know." Sliding it into one of her books, she added, "But I suppose I'm going to find out."



* * *





Weiss shivered in the slight breeze as she waited in the school parking lot. The weather wasn't turning to Autumn chill quite yet, but Summer was definitely over. Besides, her cheerleader skirt let more air in than it could have; she should start wearing tights underneath soon.

"There she is. Right on schedule."

That wasn't Yang's voice.

After a second of hesitation, she turned to see three of the Dragons bearing down on her. They were all wearing the standard black leather jackets, elegant art of an Asian-style dragon on the backs, but their outfits varied beyond that. Emerald was wearing jeans, a low-cut top that matched her hair and baby doll pumps. The Italian-looking girl had leather pants and a white tank top on, black boots that more suited the jacket. And the third…

Weiss found herself getting lost in the smoldering eyes. They were somehow hypnotic. Her simple red dress flared out around her knees, and the trim tapering legs disappeared into matching strappy heels - the open toes were a tiny bit scandalous in their conservative little town. In some ways, she looked far too delicate to be a Dragon… except for her fiery gaze was more fierce than even that of Yang herself.

"The Dragon sends her regards," she purred in a silky voice.

"So the Dragon can't come see me herself? That's nice. I can tell she really cares about me when she sends her flunkies."

The Italian girl scowled before snapping, "Hey, watch it, Pep Rally Princess. Yang can't always be available; she has responsibilities."

"Then what was the point of this?"

"To test your interest level," the fiery girl susurrated. Her hand reached out and nipped a strand of hair behind Weiss's ear, prompting her to shiver before taking a step backward. "Heh… nervous little thing."

Folding her arms over her chest, Weiss grumbled, "Thought you were supposed to back off if I let her try charming me once. That was the deal."

"Have we bothered you all day?" Emerald insisted. "No. This is just checking in. And like Cinder said, we want to know if you would be open to more fun with Yang or not. But you showed up, so you must not be too mad about last night."

"I'm not a homosexual." When they all giggled, she snapped, "What? Why is that funny?!"

"So many girls have said that," the one called Cinder laughed easily.

"Said that to Yang?"

Emerald offered with a little smirk, "To all of us."

"Oh." She took another little step backward, a hand raising to ward off sudden advances. "You're all lesbians? Like a… a group of delinquent deviants?"

The Dragons laughed. And instantly, it was back to the way things were before; an entire gang of girls laughing, making fun of her. Looking down on her as some kind of simpleton, a pleb who didn't understand the world as intimately as they did. Weiss wanted to disappear.

But then Cinder cackled, "I like the alliteration. And it's close enough to true that it might as well be."

Maybe this time they weren't laughing at her. It helped relieve some of her fear, her shame. And her curiosity could take center stage again. "Really? You all… kiss women?" A nod from all three. "Why don't you just kiss each other, then?"

"Some of us have," Emerald admitted - and she saw one of Cinder's eyelids twitch, and the Italian girl's hands went into her jacket pockets. "But mostly, we don't date inside the Dragons. We're all like sisters to each other, so it would be weird."

"Oh. Well… I guess that makes sense. As much as any of this does."

"And not all of us date only women. Coco is going steady with that boy Fox, even though she keeps Velvet on a short leash, too."

Weiss looked over at the Italian girl, who shook her head with a slight smile. "No, I'm Blake. And I'm all about pussy."

"You really are," Cinder muttered, and the other two laughed.

The word "pussy" was still making Weiss blush, but she found her voice again. "O-okay, so… so you all like girls, and you all like me? Or what? I'm not really… sure why you…"

The three had turned to stare at her, and she was stuck by how intense their gazes could be when they let the full brunt of them fall on a single target.

"Someone thinks she's real cool cat," Emerald snorted.

"Well, she is," Cinder said in that low, silky tone of hers as she began to pace around Weiss, the latter turning to keep her in sight. "Those sweet cheeks, long, skinny legs… and it's so cold today. Really committed to showing her school spirit." Her fingers flipped the very edge of Weiss's skirt to illustrate.

"H-hey, it's not that cold! And I could say the same about you, with that dress!" When Cinder took a step toward her, she stepped back. "What are you doing?!"

"Testing."

"Well, I have had enough tests for one lifeti-"

Her heart leapt into her throat in a way it hadn't done yet when she felt not one, but two bodies connecting with her back. A hand apiece from Blake and Emerald fell to her arms, not quite gripping tight but still boxing her in as Cinder stepped forward, completely taking over her field of vision.

"Smells good," Blake observed, voice low and intimate in a way that sent shivers up Weiss's spine. "Jasmine?"

Terrified, Weiss whispered, "M… me?"

"I agree; it's jasmine." Cinder sounded completely at ease, which only made Weiss feel less so. Her hand came up to pet along the side of her neck. "Soft skin. Really takes good care of herself."

"W-wait, I'm… what are you doing to me?" No answer. The three petting hands were joined by two more in the small of her back, and she clamped her eyes shut. "What… are you going to… do?"

Lips next to her ear told her in a whisper, "Whatever you want." She couldn't even tell who they belonged to.

"Please… I…"

Something she would never have predicted in all her life happened. She realised that beneath her fear, and how little she wanted those three to be pressing in on her from all sides… it was also the most exciting thing that had ever happened in her short, sheltered life. Her hands came up to slap Cinder, or push her away, and only wound up resting on her shoulders.

"Golly gee," came a husky voice from her left side. Probably Blake, if they hadn't changed positions. "I think… she's into it."

"Naturally." Weiss finally opened her eyes, only to see the burning embers staring back as Cinder whispered, "I think this has been a very successful test. Don't you?"

Weiss swallowed. After a moment, she managed to breathe, "I… I d-don't… please stop, I'm-" Instantly, they all backed off. "Huh?"

"Now I'm more worried about Yang being with you than you being with Yang," Blake laughed. Of the three of them, she was the only one who looked a little flustered.

"You stopped."

"Mmm, we did," Cinder said with a smug smirk. "The word 'stop' was pretty clear. Besides, our goal wasn't to start a foursome in the middle of the parking lot. Just to see if you were… open to courting one of us, or if our fearless leader would be wasting her time."

Emerald patted her arm, and it was a lot more platonic. "Looks like you're our kinda girl, Schnee."

"No," she breathed. But she sounded less than sure. Yang's kiss returned to the forefront of her mind, and her already-flushed face turned darker.

"It's alright," Blake offered gently. That was enough to make her feel a little flare of affection for her, simply because it was the kindest thing any of them had said since this sapphic gauntlet began. "None of us are going to judge you, obviously."

Cinder let out a harsh little laugh. "Pampering the new blood? No. Let her figure it out on her own like we had to. It will make her stronger."

"I'm not joining your little social club," Weiss said defiantly. Though her voice shook, at least she did it.

"Listen to this rich girl. What a-"

"That's alright," Blake cut her off. "Take your time. Girls?"

At Blake's prompt, Cinder and Emerald began to walk away with her toward their bikes. It was only Blake who looked back, though her expression was unreadable. The entire encounter had left the pampered princess shaken and her legs buckled, sending her down to the pavement. There she remained, trembling and completely useless, until Pyrrha arrived.

"You alright?" she asked gently, reaching down a hand to help her up as her green eyes stared down in concern.

"Just… take me home, please?"



* * *





It took twice as long for her to finish her homework that night. Pyrrha stayed with her, and listened when she needed to vent about what was going on with the Dragons. After a while, the subject became the prime focus.

"So do you think they might be right? That you're… like they are?"

"Of course not!" Weiss burst out, flopping onto her back on her canopy bed. "I like boys! Sun, that football player? O-or… um, I don't know, um…"

The taller girl shrugged, penciling in another answer. "You don't have to prove anything to me, Weiss. But it doesn't sound like you wanted them to stop."

"Like I…" Blinking, she turned toward her more fully. "What do you mean? I was terrified!"

"No, of course! I'm sorry, I didn't mean that you wanted them to keep going, either - or that they should have done that! Still… the way you talk about it doesn't make it seem as if the event itself was bad. Only that you didn't trust the people doing it, so you weren't comfortable with it going further. That's all I'm trying to say."

Her cheeks were already darkening. "So I would have been alright with it if it was Yang, is that what you're trying to say?"

"I don't know! I've never had to think about girls going with girls before!" Sighing, she reached over to pat Weiss's wrist. "Please know that if you tell me you're not interested, then I believe you. But if you're asking how this sounds to me…"

"Oh…" She sighed, putting her hand over Pyrrha's. They shared a tentative smile. "You're right, I'm sorry. I'm just really on edge. Let's get back to work."



* * *





Late that night, a sharp sound startled Weiss awake. When she went to her window to see the source, she was just in time to watch a rock ricochet off the glass. Staring down at the ground a floor below, she was able to make out the dim figure of Yang Xiao Long.

"What are you doing?!" she mouthed after opening the window. All Yang did was motion for her to come outside. "No! It's almost midnight!"

"Come on!" Yang mouthed, glancing around nervously.

"How?!" Her hands swept wide to the roof. There was no way for her to get outside without going through the entire house. Yang pointed to the corner; there was a trellis lining one side of the porch. "Oh…"

"Hurry!"

Cursing her own stupidity, Weiss put on her heeled slippers with white rabbit fur pom poms and cautiously climbed out the window onto the thin lip of roof that stretched over the porch, knowing she was about to fall and break her neck. The one time she glanced over, she saw Yang was a lot closer now, standing just below where Weiss was crouching. Ready to catch her if need be. A little at a time, she made her way over to the trellis until she could safely climb down.

"There," Yang whispered now that they could hear each other properly, cradling her in her arms like a lifeguard with a drowning victim.

"Put me down!" Yang did, though she looked regretful. "Thank you."

"Great. C'mon, let's take a walk."

Once they were down the block and away from her home, Weiss demanded, "Alright, what is so important it couldn't wait until tomorrow? My father would blow his stack if he found out I was sneaking out in the middle of the night like this!"

"Blake told me what happened."

Gulping, she felt her shoulders go stiff. "And?"

"And… I wanted you to know, I had nothing to do with that. Like, I was gonna give you a few days to figure out how you felt. They weren't supposed to rush you."

"Oh." The tension didn't leave, but her ire began to wane. This wasn't what she had been expecting at all. "I suppose I believe you. They never said you asked them to do it, and I didn't see you looking at me after they dropped the note."

"Note?"

As they walked, Weiss recounted her side of the story on the after-school encounter. Yang mostly just listened, hands stuffed in the pockets of her leather jacket and expression impassive. They had reached a cul-de-sac when the tale finished up.

"You could have punched Cinder in the tit. She talks a big game, but she's really only dangerous if she's got a knife in her hands. Or fire; she's a terrible firebug. Otherwise, you could probably take her if you needed to."

"But could I have taken all three of them? When I've never so much as thrown a punch before?"

Yang snorted. "Fair point."

"They really thought I wanted to… I don't know, date all of them at once? But that's crazy!"

"You were into it, though." Before Weiss could protest, she held up a hand. "It was new. You liked the attention, and it felt real neat and exciting with them being so close, even if you were scared and might not have really wanted it if you had the chance to think."

The accuracy of her assessment stunned the prissy girl. "Yeah. That's… that's it exactly."

"I get it. And they're all really hot."

"That's less pertinent," she sighed.

"Really? Which one isn't hot?"

"None of them! To me! I mean, I like boys!"

"Do you?" she pressed, reaching over to take up Weiss's hand and swing it idly between them. Weiss didn't pull it away. "You can like both, you know. Like Coco."

In a small voice, Weiss whispered, "But I don't. Before now, I've never really thought enough about dating anybody at all. Boy, girl, wooly mammoth… nobody. Even if I do think Elvis is dreamy." Yang laughed. "Stop making fun of me all the time!"

"Wooly mammoth," she chortled, and Weiss finally cracked a reluctant smile. "Good one."

"Thanks, I guess."

"But seriously, I meant it when I said I would back off if you weren't interested. But I didn't want you thinking they were shaking you down for answers for my sake. They were being overprotective all on their own."

"Protecting you against me? That makes no sense. You're so…"

One of Yang's eyebrows went up, but Weiss didn't finish and she didn't force the issue. "Even Dragons are human. Well, these Dragons are." Sighing, she looked up at the sky as they paced down the sidewalk. "Lot of crap in my past I'm not proud of. Pain. I broke some hearts. A couple girls broke mine. Whatever. But they know that when I go all-in on a girl, I go all-in. No beating around the bush."

"And… they don't want to see you get hurt again?"

"Yeah."

"Wow," Weiss breathed. "I didn't expect you to admit you get hurt."

"I get hurt all the time. Of course, my response is usually to hurt back." Her grin was lopsided, and for some reason it made Weiss's heart skip over a beat. "But hey, sex is just sex. If you did decide to try a little fun with all three of them, I wouldn't care."

Now her heart was just stopping dead entirely. It took a few seconds for her to resume normal breathing and hiss, "YANG! That is so inappropriate! I w-wouldn't- that isn't how I-"

"Whatever. I'm not here to pass judgment. 'Let whoever is without sin cast the first stone' and all. You wanna chase another girl? Have at it. I got no room to talk."

Weiss's face was still hot enough to fry an egg on it, but she was too startled by the quote not to respond. "You know the Bible? You?"

Taking offense, Yang straightened a little more. "Yeah, me. My stepmom used to take us to Sunday School all the time. But that was before…"

The particular flavour of silence Yang lapsed into somehow told Weiss she shouldn't push that topic. So she didn't. Instead, she squeezed Yang's hand a little as they walked. In that moment, they both seemed to notice they were still holding hands and let go, walking a little further apart.

"Okay, here's your stop."

"Right." Glancing at her house, she looked back toward Yang. "Um… I feel like I should thank you, but I'm not sure why."

"Then don't," she snorted.

"Oh wait - thank you for telling me you didn't ask them to flirt with me so much. It really… I mean, you might want to think about whose company you keep, but at least it helps me feel less, um, like prey."

"You're still prey. I'm just a sporting hunter."

Weiss's stomach dropped away as Yang put her hands on her waist. She thought for sure something was going to happen - but instead, she merely lifted her up to the trellis so she could climb to her bedroom. Every time she felt those hands on her body, she lost her breath and her power of rational thought. It was intimidating and frightening and exhilarating all at once.

She had only gone halfway up when she lost one of her slippers. Yang picked it up and hissed, "You want this now?"

"Wait until I get up there!" she whispered, climbing the rest of the way. Then she turned to catch the slipper…

Only to see Yang pacing away. As loud as she could muster without worrying about waking anyone up, she hissed, "Wait! That's mine!"

"I'll keep this as a souvenir, Cinderella," she hissed back at her, twirling it around in her hand and winking at its owner. "Maybe you can be my queen someday."

Then Weiss was alone, standing next to her open window with only one slipper and trying to figure out why her life had taken so many incredible turns.

Chapter 3

"Thief."

Yang snorted as they leaned against the row of lockers the following morning. "I'll give it back eventually. And hey, it's not like I'm gonna wear one slipper or sell it or whatever."

"Bet you didn't even bring it to school," Weiss accused.

"It's in my saddlebag. Hand to God."

"Well… fine. But I still don't know what you wanted with it. Nobody keeps an old slipper as a souvenir."

"Didn't look old to me," she laughed. "Brand new, like most of everything you own. Do you even know what the inside of a flea market looks like?"

Weiss tilted her head. "What kind of market?"

"Never mind. Besides, maybe I just really want the chance to put it back on you myself, like in Cinderella. Except backwards, since you're already a princess, and I'm the peasant."

For some reason, this comparison pleased Weiss, and she found herself smiling devilishly to match the one in Yang's features. "Maybe I'll put it on you instead, since that's how the story goes. Though it probably won't fit."

"You saying I have huge feet?"

"I'm saying mine are small. That's it; no insult intended, Miss Dragon."

They were both laughing when the rest of the Dragons came up to surround them. Though her pulse ticked up and she fell silent, she somehow didn't feel nearly as threatened as the afternoon before, when she was facing them alone. In such a short time, she had reclassified Yang as her ally instead of one of them.

"Well, well," Emerald said with a huge grin. "You two are getting along famously."

"Yeah," Yang said shortly. "Were you invited to this sock hop?"

Cinder's hand raised to block their line of sight to each other briefly. "Now, now, no in-fighting. We can all have our turn with Little Miss Muffet here; no need to cut in line in front of our fearless leader."

"So, is this what you do?" Weiss asked Cinder, secretly proud of herself because her voice wasn't shaking. "Pick random girls and pass them around from Dragon to Dragon?"

"Nah," Yang answered for her. "Though it's happened once or twice with some of us."

"Velvet," Coco sighed dreamily, and Emerald giggled. "That was a fun night."

"Oh my GOSH," Weiss said under her breath, face colouring. She regretted bringing it up.

"Hey, I kept my hands off Coco's bunny rabbit," Yang protested with her hand raised. "Though I did drive her home after Cinder was through with her."

The flame-eyed flirt shrugged, a carefully-executed action that went along with her casual tone of voice. Both of which were designed to offset her words. "She dared me to break her. I succeeded. Why do people always complain when I give them exactly what they want?"

"Break her?" Weiss asked.

"Yes." Her hand began to graze up and down Weiss's bicep, but Yang pushed it off; she was silently grateful. "The girl got to enjoy sweetness with the others, but I could tell she wanted to be a willing slave to an absolute authority. I offered, she said 'yes', and we tried it."

"And she cried all the way home," Yang rebutted.

"But she came back for more, didn't she?" No one answered, and Cinder's smile widened. "I rest my case."

"The second session had her swearing you off for good so she could heal properly," Coco fired at her with folded arms. "That rests the case for you."

Though she still had no idea what exactly being a 'slave' entailed, Weiss decided she was better off not knowing. Instead, she decided to address something else. "Well, I won't be the communal harlot for you hooligans. Please keep your hands to yourself."

"No promises," both Cinder and Emerald said at the same time. Coco laughed.

"Yes, promises," Yang told them pointedly. "If she comes for you later and changes her mind, you can get all excited. Till then, be good girls, okay?"

"Will you stop discussing whether or not I'm going to be your trollop as if I'm not even here?!" Weiss piped up.

"Sorry," Blake offered her, patting her shoulder. Yang's eyebrow twitched, but she seemed to decide the touch posed no threat. "Don't worry, they're just teasing."

"Well…" Cinder said noncommittally.

Weiss turned to stare at Blake dead in the eyes. "So, you want the same thing? To kiss me, and… and do other unspeakable things? Even though your leader has already expressed interest? Is that just how the Dragons do things?"

"Schnee… I would make you see stars." The others hooted and hollered, even though Blake wasn't joining in; just staring dead even at her. Those hypnotic amber orbs seemed to draw her in, almost as badly as Yang's intense violet irises or the burning embers of Cinder. "Just because I'm polite enough to let you and Yang work things out without my interference doesn't mean I'm less interested - or less skilled."

"Wh… wha…?"

"But Yang has staked her claim." She gestured to the leader, who had not been laughing along with the others, even if she was grinning darkly while watching Weiss struggle with her own feelings on this topic. "She gets first crack at seeing if you're into her, and I'm not going to do anything to stand in the way. So both of you would have to give your blessing before I start sniffing around your skirt."

"Thank you, Belladonna," Yang said in a falsely official tone, bowing slightly to her. Blake also bowed, and they both laughed a little.

"This is insane," Weiss breathed, staring around at all of them. "You're just so… casual about it all. Do my feelings mean nothing to you?"

It was Cinder who answered. "They mean everything. We want to make you feel really, really good."

"But we're not going to do it against your will," Emerald assured her. "Just tease you a little. I mean, lighten up! They're only words. Well, words and maybe a pat on the butt here and there."

"I'm not even all that interested," Coco confessed. "You're cute, but I've got my hands full with Fox and Velvet."

"Eww, boys," Emerald said in an overly juvenile tone.

"Aren't you dating Mercury?" Yang asked.

"Well, yeah, but only because he really knows his way around a girl's-"

A loud clearing of a throat pulled all their attention around. There stood Miss Goodwitch, hands at the hips of her prudish floor-length skirt and glasses catching the light to make her look even more menacing.

"Haven't I told you girls not to congregate here?"

"Sorry, Teach," Yang said with a snort. "Just trying to keep out of the way of all these students thirsty for knowledge."

"Move along to class. The bell will ring soon, and I don't want to have to see you in detention again."

As Weiss turned her wrist to check her watch, astonished to see that they really would be late if they didn't hurry, Blake said, "We will."

"Good." As she turned away, she finally caught sight of Weiss there and started, blinking several times before she found her voice again. "Miss Schnee?!"

"Yes?"

It took the disappointed teacher a few seconds to recover from her shock. Her glasses had nearly slipped down her nose, and she caught them with a finger before they could fall off. "You… really ought to be more discerning in the company you keep. I hope not to see you hanging around these hooligans again."

The others snickered a little. Weiss knew the reason was that she had used that exact term to refer to the Dragons scant minutes ago. Smiling as sweetly as she could, she said, "I was hoping to be a positive influence on them, Miss Goodwitch. After all, if we give up on them, they'll never know any better."

The laughing got louder, but Weiss kept her face entirely serious. The teacher rolled her eyes and stormed off, muttering some variety of curses under her breath.

"Wow, that was slick," Yang laughed. "Her blonde bun is wound too tight."

"I tried," Weiss said, slumping slightly as a couple of hands patted her on the back. "But I feel bad for lying to her. Especially because I have a feeling you're going to rub off on me a lot more than I rub off on you."

"Or maybe we'll just rub you," Cinder purred, and even while a couple of them giggled afresh, she held up a hand to forestall Yang's reprimand. "I kid, I kid. Well… not really, but I'm also not going to cross any boundaries you don't want crossed."

"That's the best you'll get from her," Blake sighed, still patting her in sympathy. "I suggest you feel relief."

Against her better judgment, Weiss was almost becoming comfortable with this group of ruffians. Now that she had been assured their lewd remarks were only remarks and nothing more, she saw no sense in acting overly offended. And they seemed to have their own variety of fun that was liberating; societal trappings and labels didn't bother them. Maybe having a wider circle of friends wouldn't be so bad.



* * *





Pyrrha didn't seem to agree with that assessment quite so readily.

"So now you're okay with them all wanting to… to defile you?"

"NO!" Weiss hissed at her, glancing around at the study hall to see if anyone else was paying them any attention. Satisfied they weren't, she went on, "All I meant was, having a group of girls who like other girls telling me I'm attractive is… well, after getting over the fact that they're women…"

"You're flattered. I do understand that part, kind of. But now you sound like you enjoy talking to them!"

She raised her pencil as if it were her index finger. "I find it interesting. They're just very different from the other students, and… it's not in a bad way. Well, the lewdness is, but there seems to be more to the Dragons than just lewdness and violence."

"Such as?" When Weiss gave an annoyed sigh, she added, "That wasn't meant to sound dismissive; I don't know them so I'm genuinely curious."

"I'll tell you when I figure it out. Again, not being dismissive."

They both shared a small smile. Then the teacher shushed them and they got back to work.



* * *





That afternoon, Yang waited for her outside the locker room, hands stuffed into her pockets and boot tip tapping against the floor. Her lips pulled into a slow grin when she noticed her approach.

"Gonna get you…"

"Stop," she laughed, and Yang laughed with her. "So I'm beginning to believe you really aren't pulling my leg. Mind you, I'm still not quite sure about you, but…"

The smug grin was a little infuriating. "But?"

"But I'm willing to try hanging out with you a little more." To keep from having to think too hard about how surprised Yang looked, in spite of her grin, she hurried to add, "In the spirit of that, where to today?"

"Hmm… dunno. You pick."

"Huh?"

As they headed toward the door, she went on, "Kinda already took you to a bar and an abandoned building. Made you cry. I figure it's your turn."

"You did make me cry," she sighed. "But not on purpose." Silence fell for a moment. "Anywhere at all? My choice?"

"Sure."

"Tennis court." When Yang laughed out loud, she sighed, "Fine, forget it."

"Okay, you seriously think you're gonna get me into your damn country club? Wearing a little white skirt?" She elbowed Weiss and added, "Never mind; now I see your game."

Shaking her head, she said, "Don't be crass. And I was kidding, but if you really want to do something I'm interested in, we can play on the courts in Vytal Park. Unless you're scared of the competition."

"Know what? Bring it on, Princess. It's only tennis. How hard can it be?"



* * *





A few hours later found them in the town's most popular corner diner, laughing and coated in sweat. Their plates of pancakes were already half-empty. Yang had one leg up on the booth next to her, since this time she had deigned to allow Weiss to have her own side to herself.

"I could still get better!"

Pointing at Yang with her fork, she said, "Oh, definitely. But you're up against my years of professional training and playing on a competitive level. Still… you gave me a good workout."

"Yeah, yeah. Don't patronize me; you licked me but good." Sighing, she gazed over at the counter. "But I guess it was pretty fun. B-ball is more my thing."

"Basketball? Hmm… I'm not great at it but I could play."

"Nice. We'll shoot some hoops sometime."

As she pulled her milkshake closer, she looked over the rim at Yang. "So… this at least answers one question I had."

"Hmm?"

"Whether or not your interest in me was purely… physical. All those cat-calls…" The blonde nodded, clearly thoughtful. She lapsed into thoughtful silences often enough that Weiss was beginning to be able to tell. "It's okay," she quickly assured her. "Maybe it's not fair of me to think that way. Or ask you about-"

"It was."

Weiss felt her heart sinking. "Oh."

"Was just physical. At first. You were cute and that was pretty much all I knew about you. But now…" Her shrug was about as tense and discomfited as she had ever seen the Dragon, who was playing with her straw to help distract herself. "Things just feel… better when you're around. And you're pretty cool for a rich priss. Whatever."

The sinking feeling immediately shot back upward and into the stratosphere. "O-oh?"

"Yeah. But you're probably already about done experimenting with your wild side, so it's pretty dumb to make a big deal."

"Yang… wow." Her heart was in her throat, and she felt a tingle in the pit of her stomach. "Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. But… well…"

"Well, what?" She already sounded resigned.

"Let's say I'm done breaking into abandoned buildings and sneaking out of my house at midnight. And your other indiscreet pursuits. For the sake of argument, let's say I was finished with all those things. Would… you still want to…" She needed a ready excuse. "Play tennis?"

"Huh?"

"Tennis. Or basketball. Or just meet up here at the diner."

Yang turned to look at her, clearly surprised. "You're asking if I wanna be best buddies. You are actually asking that."

"Fine," she sighed, grabbing her fork and stabbing into the pancakes. "Make fun. So hilarious."

"I'd love that."

"What?"

"I'd love to be friends." Her smile was so earnest, and it looked out of place with her leather jacket and typically gruff demeanor. "I mean, I'd love to be friends who kiss, but I'm not all-or-nothing about it. Today's been pretty great without necking."

That little tacked-on bit Weiss drop her fork. It bounced off into the floor.

"Something wrong?" The impish light returned to her eyes.

"No! No, not at all, I… y-yeah, friends with possible, optional making out!" Smirking again, Yang took her next bite with great relish, so Weiss snapped, "Hey, don't go thinking you've already got me on the hook, Xiao Long. I'm still… figuring things out."

"It's alright. I'm teasing, you know that by now. Just don't… Yang me out to dry."

Groaning, she pushed a hand into her face. "Okay, but I won't even want to be friends if you keep making puns with your name."

"Whaaaat? Come on, that's kind of my thing!"

"No."

"You'll laugh one day."

"Nope."

"A little chuckle?" The pleading tone did coax a smile from Weiss, and they both laughed at each other. It was as close as she was going to get.



* * *





When Weiss was dropped off around the corner, she felt a few pounds lighter. The brief peck on the cheek Yang had given her before driving off may have been a factor. The very idea that some biker chick would hold this much sway over her mood was ludicrous, but it was getting harder and harder to pretend otherwise. Maybe she really could see herself at least trying a walk on the wild side.

"Weiss Schnee!"

Her head ducked down between her shoulders, one foot halfway raised to the bottom stair. A thrill of dread shot into her throat as she changed her trajectory to head toward the living room instead.

"Where on earth have you been?"

Clearing her throat, she faced the back of the armchair in front of the fireplace. "N-noplace, Father."

Jacques Schnee stood and turned to face her, hands in the small of his back. The crisply-tailored white suit matched his white hair and moustache perfectly, even though she knew it was salt-and-pepper and he bleached all of it to make the colour uniform.

"You are late. We expected you for supper."

"I played a tennis game with a girl from school, a-and we had supper afterward," she told him honestly. The friend's identity could remain a mystery for all she cared.

"Which friend? Miss Nikos?" Drawing the conclusion on his own, he sighed and turned back toward the fire. "You ought to inform us of such plans ahead of time. Your mother was worried sick."

Sighing, she muttered under her breath, "We both know that isn't true."

"Don't you speak that way about your mother, young lady!" he hissed in a sharp tone that made her flinch. "Her dependence on spirits to get through the day is a tragedy, not something to be mocked!"

"I wasn't mocking! Just… stating fact. Did she actually say she was worried, or did she ask where I was and then forget the question?"

His eyes narrowed in her direction. "You should think a little more carefully about how you handle these topics, Weiss. We are your parents, and your sole means of support. Manners."

"Yes, Father. Will that be all? I must tend my homework."

"Very well."

That went a lot better than it could have. But something else occurred to her. She was halfway turned around to climb the stairs when she thought to ask, "Oh… and I may be going out tomorrow, as well. Since it's Saturday. But the rest of my schoolwork is caught up, and I'll practice my singing lessons in the morning."

"Ah, that's a good plan; the vocal cords are fresh then." His gloved hand waved her away as he sank back down into his chair, returning to his newspaper. "That will be all. Goodnight, Weiss."

"Goodnight, Father." She would have said 'I love you', but knew it would fall on deaf ears.





Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!





